src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/disable-azurermvmssdiskencryption
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption

## SYNOPSIS
Disables disk encryption on a VM scale set.

## SYNTAX

```
Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMScaleSetName] <String>
 [[-ExtensionName] <String>] [-VolumeType <String>] [-ForceUpdate] [-Force]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Disables disk encryption on a VM scale set.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption -ResourceGroupName "Group001" -VMScaleSetName "VMSS001"
```

Disables disk encryption on the VM scale set named VMSS001 that belongs to the resource group named Group001.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExtensionName
The extension name.
If this parameter is not specified, default values used are AzureDiskEncryption for windows VMs and AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux VMs.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
To force the removal of the extension from the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceUpdate
Generate a tag for force update.  This should be given to perform repeated encryption operations on the same VM.```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The resource group name.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMScaleSetName
The virtual machine name.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Name

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VolumeType
Type of the volume (OS or Data) to perform encryption operation

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: OS, Data, All

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSVirtualMachineScaleSet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/disable-azurermvmssdiskencryption
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption

## SYNOPSIS
Disables disk encryption on a VM scale set.

## SYNTAX

```
Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMScaleSetName] <String>
 [[-ExtensionName] <String>] [-VolumeType <String>] [-ForceUpdate] [-Force] [-AsJob]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Disables disk encryption on a VM scale set.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> Disable-AzureRmVmssDiskEncryption -ResourceGroupName "Group001" -VMScaleSetName "VMSS001"
```

Disables disk encryption on the VM scale set named VMSS001 that belongs to the resource group named Group001.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run cmdlet in the background

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExtensionName
The extension name.
If this parameter is not specified, default values used are AzureDiskEncryption for windows VMs and AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux VMs.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
To force the removal of the extension from the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceUpdate
Generate a tag for force update.  This should be given to perform repeated encryption operations on the same VM.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The resource group name.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMScaleSetName
The virtual machine name.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Name

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VolumeType
Type of the volume (OS or Data) to perform encryption operation

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: OS, Data, All

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSVirtualMachineScaleSet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
