src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVmss.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: FC6BC096-DBC4-48DA-A366-B87EB18A0496
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmss
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVmss

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the properties of a VMSS.

## SYNTAX

### DefaultParameter (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVmss [[-ResourceGroupName] <String>] [[-VMScaleSetName] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### FriendMethod
```
Get-AzureRmVmss [[-ResourceGroupName] <String>] [[-VMScaleSetName] <String>] [-InstanceView]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVmss** cmdlet gets the model and instance view of a Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS).
The model view is the user specified properties of the virtual machine.
The instance view is the instance level status of the virtual machine.
Specify the *Status* parameter to get only the instance view of a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the properties of a VMSS
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVmss -ResourceGroupName "Group001" -VMScaleSetName "VMSS001"
```

This command gets the properties of the VMSS named VMSS001 that belongs to the resource group named Group001.
Since the command does not specify the *InstanceView* switch parameter, the cmdlet gets the model view of the virtual machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InstanceView
Indicates that this cmdlet gets only the instance view of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: FriendMethod
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the Resource Group of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMScaleSetName
Species the name of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Name

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### This cmdlet does not generate any output.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmVmss](./New-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVmss](./Remove-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Restart-AzureRmVmss](./Restart-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Set-AzureRmVmss](./Set-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Start-AzureRmVmss](./Start-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Stop-AzureRmVmss](./Stop-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Update-AzureRmVmss](./Update-AzureRmVmss.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVmss.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: FC6BC096-DBC4-48DA-A366-B87EB18A0496
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmss
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVmss

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the properties of a VMSS.

## SYNTAX

### DefaultParameter (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVmss [[-ResourceGroupName] <String>] [[-VMScaleSetName] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### FriendMethod
```
Get-AzureRmVmss [[-ResourceGroupName] <String>] [[-VMScaleSetName] <String>] [-InstanceView]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVmss** cmdlet gets the model and instance view of a Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS).
The model view is the user specified properties of the virtual machine.
The instance view is the instance level status of the virtual machine.
Specify the *Status* parameter to get only the instance view of a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the properties of a VMSS
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVmss -ResourceGroupName "Group001" -VMScaleSetName "VMSS001"
```

This command gets the properties of the VMSS named VMSS001 that belongs to the resource group named Group001.
Since the command does not specify the *InstanceView* switch parameter, the cmdlet gets the model view of the virtual machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -InstanceView
Indicates that this cmdlet gets only the instance view of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: FriendMethod
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the Resource Group of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMScaleSetName
Species the name of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Name

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### This cmdlet does not generate any output.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmVmss](./New-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVmss](./Remove-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Restart-AzureRmVmss](./Restart-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Set-AzureRmVmss](./Set-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Start-AzureRmVmss](./Start-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Stop-AzureRmVmss](./Stop-AzureRmVmss.md)

[Update-AzureRmVmss](./Update-AzureRmVmss.md)
