src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: F41953F1-9515-4081-8624-6A1494DA4BB2
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmchefextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Gets information about a Chef extension.

## SYNTAX

### Linux
```
Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>] [-Status]
 [-Linux] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Windows
```
Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>] [-Status]
 [-Windows] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureVMChefExtension** cmdlet gets information about a Chef extension installed on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the details of Chef extension for a Windows virtual machine-
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "WindowsVM001" -Windows
```

This command gets the Chef extension from a Windows virtual machine named WindowsVM001 that belongs to the resource group named ResourceGroup001.

### Example 2: Get the details of Chef extension for a Linux virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup002" -VMName "LinuxVM001" -Linux
```

This command gets the Chef extension from a Linux virtual machine named LinuxVM001 that belongs to the resource group named ResourceGroup002.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Linux
Indicates that this cmdlet works on a Linux virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Linux
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Indicates that this cmdlet gets only the instance view of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Windows
Indicates that this cmdlet is for a Windows virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Windows
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineExtension

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: F41953F1-9515-4081-8624-6A1494DA4BB2
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmchefextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Gets information about a Chef extension.

## SYNTAX

### Linux
```
Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>] [-Status]
 [-Linux] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Windows
```
Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>] [-Status]
 [-Windows] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureVMChefExtension** cmdlet gets information about a Chef extension installed on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the details of Chef extension for a Windows virtual machine-
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "WindowsVM001" -Windows
```

This command gets the Chef extension from a Windows virtual machine named WindowsVM001 that belongs to the resource group named ResourceGroup001.

### Example 2: Get the details of Chef extension for a Linux virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup002" -VMName "LinuxVM001" -Linux
```

This command gets the Chef extension from a Linux virtual machine named LinuxVM001 that belongs to the resource group named ResourceGroup002.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Linux
Indicates that this cmdlet works on a Linux virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Linux
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Indicates that this cmdlet gets only the instance view of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Windows
Indicates that this cmdlet is for a Windows virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Windows
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineExtension

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)
