src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 15CAC050-F2E9-4872-88E7-516A6D194FAB
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmbootdiagnosticsdata
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData

## SYNOPSIS
Gets boot diagnostics data for a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### WindowsParamSet (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-Windows]
 [-LocalPath] <String> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### LinuxParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-Linux]
 [[-LocalPath] <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData** cmdlet gets boot diagnostics data for a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get boot diagnostics data
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "ContosoVM07" -Windows -LocalPath "C:\Contoso\BootDiagnostics"
```

This command gets boot diagnostics data for the virtual machine named ContosoVM07.
This virtual machine runs the Windows operating system.
The command stores the data in specified local path.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Linux
Indicates that the virtual machine runs the Linux operating system.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: LinuxParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LocalPath
Specifies the local path for the boot diagnostics data.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: WindowsParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: LinuxParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the virtual machine for which this cmdlet gets diagnostics data.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName, VMName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Windows
Indicates that the virtual machine runs the Windows operating system.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: WindowsParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachine

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineInstanceView

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Set-AzureRmVMBootDiagnostics](./Set-AzureRmVMBootDiagnostics.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 15CAC050-F2E9-4872-88E7-516A6D194FAB
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmbootdiagnosticsdata
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData

## SYNOPSIS
Gets boot diagnostics data for a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### WindowsParamSet (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-Windows]
 [-LocalPath] <String> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### LinuxParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-Linux]
 [[-LocalPath] <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData** cmdlet gets boot diagnostics data for a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get boot diagnostics data
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMBootDiagnosticsData -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "ContosoVM07" -Windows -LocalPath "C:\Contoso\BootDiagnostics"
```

This command gets boot diagnostics data for the virtual machine named ContosoVM07.
This virtual machine runs the Windows operating system.
The command stores the data in specified local path.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Linux
Indicates that the virtual machine runs the Linux operating system.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: LinuxParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LocalPath
Specifies the local path for the boot diagnostics data.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: WindowsParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: LinuxParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the virtual machine for which this cmdlet gets diagnostics data.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName, VMName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Windows
Indicates that the virtual machine runs the Windows operating system.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: WindowsParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachine

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineInstanceView

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Set-AzureRmVMBootDiagnostics](./Set-AzureRmVMBootDiagnostics.md)
