src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMSize.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: B7A675D3-EF79-4EE2-9330-D4C690739006
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmsize
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMSize

## SYNOPSIS
Gets available virtual machine sizes.

## SYNTAX

### ListVirtualMachineSizeParamSet (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVMSize [-Location] <String> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListAvailableSizesForAvailabilitySet
```
Get-AzureRmVMSize [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-AvailabilitySetName] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListAvailableSizesForVirtualMachine
```
Get-AzureRmVMSize [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMSize** cmdlet gets available virtual machine sizes.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get virtual machine sizes for a location
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSize -Location "Central US"
```

This command gets the available sizes for virtual machines in the specified location.

### Example 2: Get sizes for an availability set
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSize -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup03" -AvailabilitySetName "AvailabilitySet17"
```

This command gets available sizes for virtual machines that you can deploy in the availability set named AvailabilitySet17.

### Example 3: Get sizes for an existing virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSize -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup03" -VMName "VirtualMachine12"
```

This command gets available sizes for the existing virtual machine named VirtualMachine12.
You can resize this virtual machine to the sizes that this command gets.

## PARAMETERS

### -AvailabilitySetName
Specifies the name of the Availability Set for which this cmdlet gets the available virtual machine sizes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListAvailableSizesForAvailabilitySet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location for which this cmdlet gets the available virtual machine sizes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListVirtualMachineSizeParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListAvailableSizesForAvailabilitySet, ListAvailableSizesForVirtualMachine
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine that this cmdlet gets the available virtual machine sizes for resizing.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListAvailableSizesForVirtualMachine
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineSize

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVM](./Get-AzureRmVM.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMSize.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: B7A675D3-EF79-4EE2-9330-D4C690739006
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmsize
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMSize

## SYNOPSIS
Gets available virtual machine sizes.

## SYNTAX

### ListVirtualMachineSizeParamSet (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVMSize [-Location] <String> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListAvailableSizesForAvailabilitySet
```
Get-AzureRmVMSize [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-AvailabilitySetName] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListAvailableSizesForVirtualMachine
```
Get-AzureRmVMSize [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMSize** cmdlet gets available virtual machine sizes.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get virtual machine sizes for a location
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSize -Location "Central US"
```

This command gets the available sizes for virtual machines in the specified location.

### Example 2: Get sizes for an availability set
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSize -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup03" -AvailabilitySetName "AvailabilitySet17"
```

This command gets available sizes for virtual machines that you can deploy in the availability set named AvailabilitySet17.

### Example 3: Get sizes for an existing virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSize -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup03" -VMName "VirtualMachine12"
```

This command gets available sizes for the existing virtual machine named VirtualMachine12.
You can resize this virtual machine to the sizes that this command gets.

## PARAMETERS

### -AvailabilitySetName
Specifies the name of the Availability Set for which this cmdlet gets the available virtual machine sizes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListAvailableSizesForAvailabilitySet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location for which this cmdlet gets the available virtual machine sizes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListVirtualMachineSizeParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListAvailableSizesForAvailabilitySet, ListAvailableSizesForVirtualMachine
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine that this cmdlet gets the available virtual machine sizes for resizing.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListAvailableSizesForVirtualMachine
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineSize

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVM](./Get-AzureRmVM.md)
