src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: E2A56E55-30A3-4A2F-80AE-9D166840909E
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermremotedesktopfile
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile

## SYNOPSIS
Gets an .rdp file.

## SYNTAX

### Download
```
Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-LocalPath] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Launch
```
Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [[-LocalPath] <String>] [-Launch]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile** cmdlet gets a Remote Desktop Protocol (.rdp) file.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a Remote Desktop file
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "VirtualMachine07" -LocalPath "D:\RemoteDesktopFile07.rdp"
```

This command gets the Remote Desktop file for the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.
The command stores the result in the file named D:\RemoteDesktopFile07.rdp.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Launch
Indicates that this cmdlet launches Remote Desktop after it gets the .rdp file.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Launch
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LocalPath
Specifies the local full path where this cmdlet stores the .rdp file.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Download
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Launch
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the availability set that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName, VMName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of a resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: E2A56E55-30A3-4A2F-80AE-9D166840909E
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermremotedesktopfile
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile

## SYNOPSIS
Gets an .rdp file.

## SYNTAX

### Download
```
Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-LocalPath] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Launch
```
Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [[-LocalPath] <String>] [-Launch]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile** cmdlet gets a Remote Desktop Protocol (.rdp) file.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a Remote Desktop file
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmRemoteDesktopFile -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "VirtualMachine07" -LocalPath "D:\RemoteDesktopFile07.rdp"
```

This command gets the Remote Desktop file for the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.
The command stores the result in the file named D:\RemoteDesktopFile07.rdp.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Launch
Indicates that this cmdlet launches Remote Desktop after it gets the .rdp file.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Launch
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LocalPath
Specifies the local full path where this cmdlet stores the .rdp file.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Download
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Launch
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the availability set that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName, VMName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of a resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
