src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: E6F91D2E-6481-44C2-AF21-F62947C3D78C
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmdiskencryptionstatus
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the encryption status of the virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-ExtensionType <String>] [-ExtensionPublisherName <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus** cmdlet gets the encryption status of the virtual machine.
It displays the encryption status of the operating system and data volumes.
In addition to encryption status, it also displays the encryption secret URL, key encryption key URL, resource IDs of the **KeyVaults** where the encryption key and key encryption key for operating system volume are present.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the encryption status of a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVmDiskEncryptionStatus -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM001"
```

This command gets the encryption status of the virtual machine named VM001.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExtensionPublisherName
The extension publisher name. Specify this parameter only to override the default value of "Microsoft.Azure.Security".

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExtensionType
The extension type. Specify this parameter to override its default value of "AzureDiskEncryption" for Windows VMs and "AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux" for Linux VMs.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Extension.AzureDiskEncryption.AzureDiskEncryptionExtensionContext

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: E6F91D2E-6481-44C2-AF21-F62947C3D78C
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmdiskencryptionstatus
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the encryption status of the virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-ExtensionType <String>] [-ExtensionPublisherName <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus** cmdlet gets the encryption status of the virtual machine.
It displays the encryption status of the operating system and data volumes.
In addition to encryption status, it also displays the encryption secret URL, key encryption key URL, resource IDs of the **KeyVaults** where the encryption key and key encryption key for operating system volume are present.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the encryption status of a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVmDiskEncryptionStatus -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM001"
```

This command gets the encryption status of the virtual machine named VM001.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExtensionPublisherName
The extension publisher name. Specify this parameter only to override the default value of "Microsoft.Azure.Security".

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExtensionType
The extension type. Specify this parameter to override its default value of "AzureDiskEncryption" for Windows VMs and "AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux" for Linux VMs.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Extension.AzureDiskEncryption.AzureDiskEncryptionExtensionContext

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md)
