src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: F46041A3-355F-4449-B582-4D2F7314CA05
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmextensionimage
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage

## SYNOPSIS
Gets all versions for an Azure extension.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage -Location <String> -PublisherName <String> -Type <String>
 [-FilterExpression <String>] [-Version <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage** cmdlet gets all versions for an Azure extension.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the versions of an extension image
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage -Location "Central US" -PublisherName "Fabrikam" -Type "FabrikamEndpointProtection"
```

This command gets all the versions of the extension image for the specified location, publisher, and type.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FilterExpression
Specifies a filter expression.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of an extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PublisherName
Specifies the name of an extension publisher.
To obtain an extension publisher, use the Get-AzureRmVMImagePublisher cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Type
Specifies the type of the extension.
To obtain an extension type, use the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImageType cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the extension that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineExtensionImage

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineExtensionImageDetails

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImageType](./Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImageType.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMImage](./Get-AzureRmVMImage.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMImagePublisher](./Get-AzureRmVMImagePublisher.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: F46041A3-355F-4449-B582-4D2F7314CA05
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmextensionimage
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage

## SYNOPSIS
Gets all versions for an Azure extension.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage -Location <String> -PublisherName <String> -Type <String>
 [-FilterExpression <String>] [-Version <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage** cmdlet gets all versions for an Azure extension.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the versions of an extension image
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage -Location "Central US" -PublisherName "Fabrikam" -Type "FabrikamEndpointProtection"
```

This command gets all the versions of the extension image for the specified location, publisher, and type.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FilterExpression
Specifies a filter expression.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of an extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PublisherName
Specifies the name of an extension publisher.
To obtain an extension publisher, use the Get-AzureRmVMImagePublisher cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Type
Specifies the type of the extension.
To obtain an extension type, use the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImageType cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the extension that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineExtensionImage

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineExtensionImageDetails

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImageType](./Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImageType.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMImage](./Get-AzureRmVMImage.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMImagePublisher](./Get-AzureRmVMImagePublisher.md)
