src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVM.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 6250EC11-79CF-428B-A72F-9BD72C1751F0
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvm
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVM

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the properties of a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### ListAllVirtualMachinesParamSet (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-Status] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Status] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-Status] [-DisplayHint <DisplayHintType>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListNextLinkVirtualMachinesParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-Status] [-NextLink] <Uri> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVM** cmdlet gets the model view and instance view of an Azure virtual machine.
The model view is the user specified properties of the virtual machine.
The instance view is the instance level status of the virtual machine.
Specify the *Status* parameter to get only the instance view of a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get model and instance view properties
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "VirtualMachine07"
```

This command gets the model view and instance view properties of the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.

### Example 2: Get instance view properties
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "VirtualMachine07" -Status
```

This command gets properties of the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.
This command specifies the *Status* parameter.
Therefore, the command gets only the instance view properties.

### Example 3: Get properties for all virtual machines in a resource group
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11"
```

This command gets properties for all the virtual machines in the resource group named ResourceGroup11.

### Example 4: Get all virtual machines in your subscription
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM
```

This command gets all the virtual machines in your subscription.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisplayHint
Determines how the virtual machine object is displayed.

Valid values are:

-- Compact: displays only top level properties

-- Expand: displays all properties in all levels
```yaml
Type: DisplayHintType
Parameter Sets: GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Compact, Expand

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the virtual machine to get.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
Aliases: ResourceName, VMName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NextLink
Specifies the next link.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: ListNextLinkVirtualMachinesParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of a resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet, GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Indicates that this cmdlet gets only the instance view of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachine

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineInstanceView

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmVM](./New-AzureRmVM.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVM](./Remove-AzureRmVM.md)

[Restart-AzureRmVM](./Restart-AzureRmVM.md)

[Start-AzureRmVM](./Start-AzureRmVM.md)

[Stop-AzureRmVM](./Stop-AzureRmVM.md)

[Update-AzureRmVM](./Update-AzureRmVM.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVM.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 6250EC11-79CF-428B-A72F-9BD72C1751F0
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvm
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVM

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the properties of a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### ListAllVirtualMachinesParamSet (Default)
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-Status] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Status] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Name] <String> [-Status] [-DisplayHint <DisplayHintType>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ListNextLinkVirtualMachinesParamSet
```
Get-AzureRmVM [-Status] [-NextLink] <Uri> [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVM** cmdlet gets the model view and instance view of an Azure virtual machine.
The model view is the user specified properties of the virtual machine.
The instance view is the instance level status of the virtual machine.
Specify the *Status* parameter to get only the instance view of a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get model and instance view properties
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "VirtualMachine07"
```

This command gets the model view and instance view properties of the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.

### Example 2: Get instance view properties
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "VirtualMachine07" -Status
```

This command gets properties of the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.
This command specifies the *Status* parameter.
Therefore, the command gets only the instance view properties.

### Example 3: Get properties for all virtual machines in a resource group
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11"
```

This command gets properties for all the virtual machines in the resource group named ResourceGroup11.

### Example 4: Get all virtual machines in your subscription
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM
```

This command gets all the virtual machines in your subscription.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisplayHint
Determines how the virtual machine object is displayed.

Valid values are:

-- Compact: displays only top level properties

-- Expand: displays all properties in all levels
```yaml
Type: DisplayHintType
Parameter Sets: GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Compact, Expand

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the virtual machine to get.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
Aliases: ResourceName, VMName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -NextLink
Specifies the next link.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: ListNextLinkVirtualMachinesParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of a resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: ListVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet, GetVirtualMachineInResourceGroupParamSet
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Status
Indicates that this cmdlet gets only the instance view of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachine

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSVirtualMachineInstanceView

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmVM](./New-AzureRmVM.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVM](./Remove-AzureRmVM.md)

[Restart-AzureRmVM](./Restart-AzureRmVM.md)

[Start-AzureRmVM](./Start-AzureRmVM.md)

[Stop-AzureRmVM](./Stop-AzureRmVM.md)

[Update-AzureRmVM](./Update-AzureRmVM.md)
