src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmContainerService.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: AFF75E0B-CB88-45ED-9067-7F43E2BA485C
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermcontainerservice
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmContainerService

## SYNOPSIS
Gets a container service.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmContainerService [[-ResourceGroupName] <String>] [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmContainerService** cmdlet gets a container service.
You can view the properties of a container service, which include state, number of master and agents, and fully qualified domain name of master and agent.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a container service
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmContainerService -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup17" -Name "CSResourceGroup17"
```

This command gets a container service named CSResourceGroup17.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the container service that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the resource group of the container service that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSContainerService

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmContainerService](./New-AzureRmContainerService.md)

[Remove-AzureRmContainerService](./Remove-AzureRmContainerService.md)

[Update-AzureRmContainerService](./Update-AzureRmContainerService.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmContainerService.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: AFF75E0B-CB88-45ED-9067-7F43E2BA485C
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermcontainerservice
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmContainerService

## SYNOPSIS
Gets a container service.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmContainerService [[-ResourceGroupName] <String>] [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmContainerService** cmdlet gets a container service.
You can view the properties of a container service, which include state, number of master and agents, and fully qualified domain name of master and agent.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a container service
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmContainerService -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup17" -Name "CSResourceGroup17"
```

This command gets a container service named CSResourceGroup17.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the container service that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the resource group of the container service that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSContainerService

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmContainerService](./New-AzureRmContainerService.md)

[Remove-AzureRmContainerService](./Remove-AzureRmContainerService.md)

[Update-AzureRmContainerService](./Update-AzureRmContainerService.md)
