src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVmssSku.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: BB6AFC7D-7E74-4D39-B336-A011B98D0682
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmsssku
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVmssSku

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the available SKUs for the VMSS.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVmssSku [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMScaleSetName] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVmssSku** cmdlet gets the available SKUs for the Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS).

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get all available SKUs from the VMSS
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVmssSku -ResourceGroupName "ContosoGroup" -VMScaleSetName "ContosoVMSS"
```

This command gets all the available SKUs from the VMSS named ContosoVMSS that belongs to the resource group named ContosoGroup.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMScaleSetName
Species the name of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Name

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### This cmdlet does not produce any output.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVmss](./Get-AzureRmVmss.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmVmssSku.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: BB6AFC7D-7E74-4D39-B336-A011B98D0682
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmsssku
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVmssSku

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the available SKUs for the VMSS.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVmssSku [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMScaleSetName] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVmssSku** cmdlet gets the available SKUs for the Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS).

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get all available SKUs from the VMSS
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVmssSku -ResourceGroupName "ContosoGroup" -VMScaleSetName "ContosoVMSS"
```

This command gets all the available SKUs from the VMSS named ContosoVMSS that belongs to the resource group named ContosoGroup.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMScaleSetName
Species the name of the VMSS.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: Name

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### This cmdlet does not produce any output.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVmss](./Get-AzureRmVmss.md)
