src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: CAA3E6A9-7E1A-4D57-A269-0B2D3D9C3BEC
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmsqlserverextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the settings for a SQL Server extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension** cmdlet gets the settings of the SQL Server infrastructure as a service (IaaS) Agent on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the settings of a SQL Server extension on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM07"
ExtensionName        : SqlIaaSAgent
Publisher            : Microsoft.SqlServer.Management
Version              : 1.0
State                : Enable
RoleName             : VMName
AutoPatchingSettings : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoPatchingSettings
AutoBackupSettings   : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoBackupSettings
```

This command gets the settings of the SQL Server extension on a virtual machine named ContosoVM07.

### Example 2: Get the settings by using the pipeline
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service08" -Name "ContosoVM22" | Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension
ExtensionName        : SqlIaaSAgent
Publisher            : Microsoft.SqlServer.Management
Version              : 1.0
State                : Enable
RoleName             : VMName
AutoPatchingSettings : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoPatchingSettings
AutoBackupSettings   : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoBackupSettings
```

This command gets the virtual machine named ContosoVM22 on the service Service08 by using the Get-AzureRmVM cmdlet.
The command passes the results to the current cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.

The current command gets the settings of the SQL Server IaaS Agent on that virtual machine.

### Example 3: Get the settings of specific SQL Server version
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM07" -Version "1.0"
ExtensionName        : SqlIaaSAgent
Publisher            : Microsoft.SqlServer.Management
Version              : 1.0
State                : Enable
RoleName             : VMName
AutoPatchingSettings : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoPatchingSettings
AutoBackupSettings   : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoBackupSettings
```

This command gets the settings of version 1.0 of the SQL Server extension on a virtual machine named ContosoVM07.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the SQL Server the extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.VirtualMachineSqlServerExtensionContext

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVM](./Get-AzureRmVM.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: CAA3E6A9-7E1A-4D57-A269-0B2D3D9C3BEC
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermvmsqlserverextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Gets the settings for a SQL Server extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension** cmdlet gets the settings of the SQL Server infrastructure as a service (IaaS) Agent on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get the settings of a SQL Server extension on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM07"
ExtensionName        : SqlIaaSAgent
Publisher            : Microsoft.SqlServer.Management
Version              : 1.0
State                : Enable
RoleName             : VMName
AutoPatchingSettings : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoPatchingSettings
AutoBackupSettings   : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoBackupSettings
```

This command gets the settings of the SQL Server extension on a virtual machine named ContosoVM07.

### Example 2: Get the settings by using the pipeline
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service08" -Name "ContosoVM22" | Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension
ExtensionName        : SqlIaaSAgent
Publisher            : Microsoft.SqlServer.Management
Version              : 1.0
State                : Enable
RoleName             : VMName
AutoPatchingSettings : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoPatchingSettings
AutoBackupSettings   : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoBackupSettings
```

This command gets the virtual machine named ContosoVM22 on the service Service08 by using the Get-AzureRmVM cmdlet.
The command passes the results to the current cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.

The current command gets the settings of the SQL Server IaaS Agent on that virtual machine.

### Example 3: Get the settings of specific SQL Server version
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM07" -Version "1.0"
ExtensionName        : SqlIaaSAgent
Publisher            : Microsoft.SqlServer.Management
Version              : 1.0
State                : Enable
RoleName             : VMName
AutoPatchingSettings : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoPatchingSettings
AutoBackupSettings   : Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Commands.ServiceManagement.IaaS.Extensions.AutoBackupSettings
```

This command gets the settings of version 1.0 of the SQL Server extension on a virtual machine named ContosoVM07.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the SQL Server the extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.VirtualMachineSqlServerExtensionContext

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVM](./Get-AzureRmVM.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)
