src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 45D55DC9-0027-4EB9-B2F7-9ABF6685E6B5
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermavailabilityset
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet

## SYNOPSIS
Gets Azure availability sets in a resource group.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet** cmdlet gets Azure availability sets in a resource group.
You can specify the name of a specific availability set to get.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a specific availability set
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "AvailabilitySet03"
```

This command gets the availability set named AvailablitySet03 in the resource group named ResourceGroup11.

### Example 2: Get all availability sets
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11"
```

This command gets all the availability sets in the resource group named ResourceGroup11.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of an availability set that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName, AvailabilitySetName

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of a resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAvailabilitySet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmAvailabilitySet](./New-AzureRmAvailabilitySet.md)

[Remove-AzureRmAvailabilitySet](./Remove-AzureRmAvailabilitySet.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 45D55DC9-0027-4EB9-B2F7-9ABF6685E6B5
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/get-azurermavailabilityset
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet

## SYNOPSIS
Gets Azure availability sets in a resource group.

## SYNTAX

```
Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet** cmdlet gets Azure availability sets in a resource group.
You can specify the name of a specific availability set to get.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a specific availability set
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Name "AvailabilitySet03"
```

This command gets the availability set named AvailablitySet03 in the resource group named ResourceGroup11.

### Example 2: Get all availability sets
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmAvailabilitySet -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11"
```

This command gets all the availability sets in the resource group named ResourceGroup11.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of an availability set that this cmdlet gets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName, AvailabilitySetName

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of a resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAvailabilitySet

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureRmAvailabilitySet](./New-AzureRmAvailabilitySet.md)

[Remove-AzureRmAvailabilitySet](./Remove-AzureRmAvailabilitySet.md)
