src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: EC8C915A-A0BC-41DE-9DBF-3617536E3D1A
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermcontainerserviceconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a local configuration object for a container service.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig [[-Location] <String>] [[-Tag] <Hashtable>]
 [[-OrchestratorType] <ContainerServiceOrchestratorTypes>] [[-MasterCount] <Int32>]
 [[-MasterDnsPrefix] <String>] [[-AgentPoolProfile] <ContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile[]>]
 [[-WindowsProfileAdminUsername] <String>] [[-WindowsProfileAdminPassword] <String>]
 [[-AdminUsername] <String>] [[-SshPublicKey] <String[]>] [[-VmDiagnosticsEnabled] <Boolean>]
 [-CustomProfileOrchestrator <String>] [-ServicePrincipalProfileClientId <String>]
 [-ServicePrincipalProfileSecret <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig** cmdlet creates a local configuration object for a container service.
Provide this object to the New-AzureRmContainerService cmdlet to create a container service.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a container service configuration
```
PS C:\> $Container = New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig -Location "Australia Southeast" -OrchestratorType "DCOS" -MasterDnsPrefix "MasterResourceGroup17" -AdminUsername "AcsLinuxAdmin" -SshPublicKey "<ssh-key>"
PS C:\> $Container | Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile -Name "AgentPool01" -VmSize "Standard_A1" -DnsPrefix "APResourceGroup17"
```

This command creates a container, and then stores it in the $Container variable.

The command specifies various settings for the container service configuration. The command passes
the configuration object to the Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile cmdlet by using the
pipeline operator. That cmdlet adds an agent pool profile.

Specify the object in $Container for the *ContainerService* parameter of **New-AzureRmContainerService**.

## PARAMETERS

### -AdminUsername
Specifies the administrator account name to use for a Linux-based container service.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AgentPoolProfile
Specifies an array of agent pool profile objects for the container service.
Add a profile by using the Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: ContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CustomProfileOrchestrator
Specifies the custom profile orchestrator.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location in which to create the container service.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MasterCount
Specifies the number of master virtual machines to create.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MasterDnsPrefix
Specifies the DNS prefix for the master virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OrchestratorType
Specifies the type of orchestrator for the container service.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: DCOS and Swarm.

```yaml
Type: ContainerServiceOrchestratorTypes
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Swarm, DCOS, Custom, Kubernetes

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalProfileClientId
Specifies the principal profile client ID.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalProfileSecret
Specifies the principal profile secret.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SshPublicKey
Specifies the SSH public key for a Linux-based container service.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 9
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Key-value pairs in the form of a hash table. For example:

@{key0="value0";key1=$null;key2="value2"}

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VmDiagnosticsEnabled
Indicates whether this configuration enables diagnostics for the container service virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 10
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsProfileAdminPassword
Specifies the administrator password for a container service that uses the Windows operating system.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsProfileAdminUsername
Specifies the administrator username for a container service that uses the Windows operating system.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSContainerService

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile](./Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile.md)

[New-AzureRmContainerService](./New-AzureRmContainerService.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: EC8C915A-A0BC-41DE-9DBF-3617536E3D1A
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermcontainerserviceconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a local configuration object for a container service.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig [[-Location] <String>] [[-Tag] <Hashtable>]
 [[-OrchestratorType] <ContainerServiceOrchestratorTypes>] [[-MasterCount] <Int32>]
 [[-MasterDnsPrefix] <String>] [[-AgentPoolProfile] <ContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile[]>]
 [[-WindowsProfileAdminUsername] <String>] [[-WindowsProfileAdminPassword] <String>]
 [[-AdminUsername] <String>] [[-SshPublicKey] <String[]>] [[-VmDiagnosticsEnabled] <Boolean>]
 [-CustomProfileOrchestrator <String>] [-ServicePrincipalProfileClientId <String>]
 [-ServicePrincipalProfileSecret <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig** cmdlet creates a local configuration object for a container service.
Provide this object to the New-AzureRmContainerService cmdlet to create a container service.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a container service configuration
```
PS C:\> $Container = New-AzureRmContainerServiceConfig -Location "Australia Southeast" -OrchestratorType "DCOS" -MasterDnsPrefix "MasterResourceGroup17" -AdminUsername "AcsLinuxAdmin" -SshPublicKey "<ssh-key>"
PS C:\> $Container | Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile -Name "AgentPool01" -VmSize "Standard_A1" -DnsPrefix "APResourceGroup17"
```

This command creates a container, and then stores it in the $Container variable.

The command specifies various settings for the container service configuration. The command passes
the configuration object to the Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile cmdlet by using the
pipeline operator. That cmdlet adds an agent pool profile.

Specify the object in $Container for the *ContainerService* parameter of **New-AzureRmContainerService**.

## PARAMETERS

### -AdminUsername
Specifies the administrator account name to use for a Linux-based container service.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AgentPoolProfile
Specifies an array of agent pool profile objects for the container service.
Add a profile by using the Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: ContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CustomProfileOrchestrator
Specifies the custom profile orchestrator.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location in which to create the container service.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MasterCount
Specifies the number of master virtual machines to create.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MasterDnsPrefix
Specifies the DNS prefix for the master virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OrchestratorType
Specifies the type of orchestrator for the container service.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: DCOS and Swarm.

```yaml
Type: ContainerServiceOrchestratorTypes
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Swarm, DCOS, Custom, Kubernetes

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalProfileClientId
Specifies the principal profile client ID.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalProfileSecret
Specifies the principal profile secret.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SshPublicKey
Specifies the SSH public key for a Linux-based container service.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 9
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Key-value pairs in the form of a hash table. For example:

@{key0="value0";key1=$null;key2="value2"}

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VmDiagnosticsEnabled
Indicates whether this configuration enables diagnostics for the container service virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 10
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsProfileAdminPassword
Specifies the administrator password for a container service that uses the Windows operating system.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WindowsProfileAdminUsername
Specifies the administrator username for a container service that uses the Windows operating system.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSContainerService

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile](./Add-AzureRmContainerServiceAgentPoolProfile.md)

[New-AzureRmContainerService](./New-AzureRmContainerService.md)
