src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 0AC17275-17A9-47DE-BF04-C1A51DF057DC
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmsqlserverautobackupconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configuration object for SQL Server automatic backup.

## SYNTAX

### StorageUriSqlServerAutoBackup (Default)
```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Enable]
 [[-RetentionPeriodInDays] <Int32>] [-EnableEncryption] [[-CertificatePassword] <SecureString>]
 [[-StorageUri] <Uri>] [[-StorageKey] <SecureString>] [-BackupSystemDbs] [-BackupScheduleType <String>]
 [-FullBackupFrequency <String>] [-FullBackupStartHour <Int32>] [-FullBackupWindowInHours <Int32>]
 [-LogBackupFrequencyInMinutes <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### StorageContextSqlServerAutoBackup
```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Enable]
 [[-RetentionPeriodInDays] <Int32>] [-EnableEncryption] [[-CertificatePassword] <SecureString>]
 [[-StorageContext] <IStorageContext>] [[-StorageUri] <Uri>] [[-StorageKey] <SecureString>] [-BackupSystemDbs]
 [-BackupScheduleType <String>] [-FullBackupFrequency <String>] [-FullBackupStartHour <Int32>]
 [-FullBackupWindowInHours <Int32>] [-LogBackupFrequencyInMinutes <Int32>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig** cmdlet creates a configuration object for SQL Server automatic backup.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create an automatic backup configuration using storage URI and account key
```
PS C:\> $AutoBackupConfig = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10 -StorageUri "\\contoso\StorageGeneral" -StorageKey "< Storage Key for ContosoGeneral >"
Enable                : True
EnableEncryption      : False
RetentionPeriodInDays : 10
```

This command creates an automatic backup configuration object by specifying storage URI and account key.
Automatic backup is enabled and automatic backups are kept for 10 days.
The command stores the result in the $AutoBackupConfig variable.
You can specify this configuration item for other cmdlets, such as the Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension cmdlet.

### Example 2: Create an automatic backup configuration using storage context
```
PS C:\> $StorageContext = New-AzureStorageContext -StorageAccountName "ContosoGeneral" -StorageAccountKey "< Storage Key for ContosoGeneral >"
PS C:\> $AutoBackupConfig = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -StorageContext $StorageContext -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10
Enable                : True
EnableEncryption      : False
RetentionPeriodInDays : 10
```

The first command creates a storage context, and then stores it in the $StorageContext variable.
For more information, see New-AzureStorageContext.

The second command creates an automatic backup configuration object by specifying the storage context in $StorageContext.
Automatic backup is enabled and automatic backups are kept for 10 days.

### Example 3: Create an automatic backup configuration using storage context with encryption and password
```
PS C:\> $StorageContext = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -StorageContext $StorageContext -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10 -EnableEncryption -CertificatePassword $CertificatePassword
Enable                : True
EnableEncryption      : True
RetentionPeriodInDays : 10
```

This command creates and stores an automatic backup configuration object.
The command specifies the storage context created in a previous example.
The command enables encryption with password.
The password was previously stored as a secure string in the $CertificatePassword variable.
To create a secure string, use the ConvertTo-SecureString cmdlet.

## PARAMETERS

### -BackupScheduleType
Backup schedule type, manual or automated

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Manual, Automated

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackupSystemDbs
Backup system databases

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CertificatePassword
Specifies a password to encrypt the certificate that is used to perform SQL Server encrypted backups.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Enable
Indicates that automated backup for the SQL Server virtual machine is enabled.
If you specify this parameter, automated backup sets a backup schedule for all current and new databases.
This updates your Managed Backup settings to follow this schedule.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableEncryption
Indicates that this cmdlet enables encryption.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullBackupFrequency
Sql Server Full Backup frequency, daily or weekly

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Daily, Weekly

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullBackupStartHour
Hour of the day (0-23) when the Sql Server Full Backup should start

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullBackupWindowInHours
Sql Server Full Backup window in hours

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LogBackupFrequencyInMinutes
Sql Server Log Backup frequency, once every 1-60 minutes

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RetentionPeriodInDays
Specifies the number of days to retain a backup.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageContext
Specifies the storage account that will be used to store backups.
To obtain an **AzureStorageContext** object, use the New-AzureStorageContext cmdlet.
The default is the storage account that is associated with the SQL Server virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: IStorageContext
Parameter Sets: StorageContextSqlServerAutoBackup
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageKey
Specifies the storage key of the blob storage account.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageUri
Specifies the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) of the blob storage account.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.AutoBackupSettings

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 0AC17275-17A9-47DE-BF04-C1A51DF057DC
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmsqlserverautobackupconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configuration object for SQL Server automatic backup.

## SYNTAX

### StorageUriSqlServerAutoBackup (Default)
```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Enable]
 [[-RetentionPeriodInDays] <Int32>] [-EnableEncryption] [[-CertificatePassword] <SecureString>]
 [[-StorageUri] <Uri>] [[-StorageKey] <SecureString>] [-BackupSystemDbs] [-BackupScheduleType <String>]
 [-FullBackupFrequency <String>] [-FullBackupStartHour <Int32>] [-FullBackupWindowInHours <Int32>]
 [-LogBackupFrequencyInMinutes <Int32>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### StorageContextSqlServerAutoBackup
```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Enable]
 [[-RetentionPeriodInDays] <Int32>] [-EnableEncryption] [[-CertificatePassword] <SecureString>]
 [[-StorageContext] <IStorageContext>] [[-StorageUri] <Uri>] [[-StorageKey] <SecureString>] [-BackupSystemDbs]
 [-BackupScheduleType <String>] [-FullBackupFrequency <String>] [-FullBackupStartHour <Int32>]
 [-FullBackupWindowInHours <Int32>] [-LogBackupFrequencyInMinutes <Int32>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig** cmdlet creates a configuration object for SQL Server automatic backup.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create an automatic backup configuration using storage URI and account key
```
PS C:\> $AutoBackupConfig = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10 -StorageUri "\\contoso\StorageGeneral" -StorageKey "< Storage Key for ContosoGeneral >"
Enable                : True
EnableEncryption      : False
RetentionPeriodInDays : 10
```

This command creates an automatic backup configuration object by specifying storage URI and account key.
Automatic backup is enabled and automatic backups are kept for 10 days.
The command stores the result in the $AutoBackupConfig variable.
You can specify this configuration item for other cmdlets, such as the Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension cmdlet.

### Example 2: Create an automatic backup configuration using storage context
```
PS C:\> $StorageContext = New-AzureStorageContext -StorageAccountName "ContosoGeneral" -StorageAccountKey "< Storage Key for ContosoGeneral >"
PS C:\> $AutoBackupConfig = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -StorageContext $StorageContext -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10
Enable                : True
EnableEncryption      : False
RetentionPeriodInDays : 10
```

The first command creates a storage context, and then stores it in the $StorageContext variable.
For more information, see New-AzureStorageContext.

The second command creates an automatic backup configuration object by specifying the storage context in $StorageContext.
Automatic backup is enabled and automatic backups are kept for 10 days.

### Example 3: Create an automatic backup configuration using storage context with encryption and password
```
PS C:\> $StorageContext = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -StorageContext $StorageContext -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10 -EnableEncryption -CertificatePassword $CertificatePassword
Enable                : True
EnableEncryption      : True
RetentionPeriodInDays : 10
```

This command creates and stores an automatic backup configuration object.
The command specifies the storage context created in a previous example.
The command enables encryption with password.
The password was previously stored as a secure string in the $CertificatePassword variable.
To create a secure string, use the ConvertTo-SecureString cmdlet.

## PARAMETERS

### -BackupScheduleType
Backup schedule type, manual or automated

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Manual, Automated

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BackupSystemDbs
Backup system databases

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CertificatePassword
Specifies a password to encrypt the certificate that is used to perform SQL Server encrypted backups.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Enable
Indicates that automated backup for the SQL Server virtual machine is enabled.
If you specify this parameter, automated backup sets a backup schedule for all current and new databases.
This updates your Managed Backup settings to follow this schedule.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableEncryption
Indicates that this cmdlet enables encryption.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullBackupFrequency
Sql Server Full Backup frequency, daily or weekly

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Daily, Weekly

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullBackupStartHour
Hour of the day (0-23) when the Sql Server Full Backup should start

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FullBackupWindowInHours
Sql Server Full Backup window in hours

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LogBackupFrequencyInMinutes
Sql Server Log Backup frequency, once every 1-60 minutes

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RetentionPeriodInDays
Specifies the number of days to retain a backup.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageContext
Specifies the storage account that will be used to store backups.
To obtain an **AzureStorageContext** object, use the New-AzureStorageContext cmdlet.
The default is the storage account that is associated with the SQL Server virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: IStorageContext
Parameter Sets: StorageContextSqlServerAutoBackup
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageKey
Specifies the storage key of the blob storage account.

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageUri
Specifies the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) of the blob storage account.

```yaml
Type: Uri
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.AutoBackupSettings

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)
