src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 7016BAA9-C25D-404E-9F75-2BE49FBF91A8
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmsqlserverautopatchingconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configuration object for automatic patching on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig [-Enable] [-DayOfWeek <String>]
 [-MaintenanceWindowStartingHour <Int32>] [-MaintenanceWindowDuration <Int32>] [-PatchCategory <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig** cmdlet creates a configuration object for automatic patching on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a configuration object to configure automatic patching
```
PS C:\> $AutoPatchingConfig = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig -Enable -DayOfWeek "Thursday" -MaintenanceWindowStartingHour 11 -MaintenanceWindowDuration 120 -PatchCategory "Important"
Enable                        : True
DayOfWeek                     : Thursday
MaintenanceWindowStartingHour : 11
MaintenanceWindowDuration     : 120
PatchCategory                 : Important
```

This command creates configuration object for patching.
The command specifies the day of the week and defines the maintenance window.
This configuration enables patching that uses these values.
The command stores the result in the $AutoBackupConfig variable.
You can specify this configuration item for other cmdlets, such as the Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension cmdlet.

## PARAMETERS

### -DayOfWeek
Specifies the day of the week when updates should be installed.

The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Sunday
- Monday
- Tuesday
- Wednesday
- Thursday
- Friday
- Saturday
- Everyday

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Everyday

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Enable
Indicates that automated patching for the virtual machine is enabled.
If you enable automated patching the cmdlet puts Windows Update into interactive mode.
If you disable automated patching, Windows Update settings do not change.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaintenanceWindowDuration
Specifies the duration, in minutes, of the maintenance window.
Automated patching avoids performing an action that can affect a virtual machine availability outside that window.
Specify a multiple of 30 minutes.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaintenanceWindowStartingHour
Specifies the hour of the day when maintenance window starts.
This time defines when updates start to install.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PatchCategory
Specifies whether important updates should be included.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Important

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### AutoPatchingSettings
This cmdlet returns object contains settings for automated patching.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 7016BAA9-C25D-404E-9F75-2BE49FBF91A8
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmsqlserverautopatchingconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configuration object for automatic patching on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig [-Enable] [-DayOfWeek <String>]
 [-MaintenanceWindowStartingHour <Int32>] [-MaintenanceWindowDuration <Int32>] [-PatchCategory <String>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig** cmdlet creates a configuration object for automatic patching on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a configuration object to configure automatic patching
```
PS C:\> $AutoPatchingConfig = New-AzureRmVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig -Enable -DayOfWeek "Thursday" -MaintenanceWindowStartingHour 11 -MaintenanceWindowDuration 120 -PatchCategory "Important"
Enable                        : True
DayOfWeek                     : Thursday
MaintenanceWindowStartingHour : 11
MaintenanceWindowDuration     : 120
PatchCategory                 : Important
```

This command creates configuration object for patching.
The command specifies the day of the week and defines the maintenance window.
This configuration enables patching that uses these values.
The command stores the result in the $AutoBackupConfig variable.
You can specify this configuration item for other cmdlets, such as the Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension cmdlet.

## PARAMETERS

### -DayOfWeek
Specifies the day of the week when updates should be installed.

The acceptable values for this parameter are:

- Sunday
- Monday
- Tuesday
- Wednesday
- Thursday
- Friday
- Saturday
- Everyday

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Everyday

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Enable
Indicates that automated patching for the virtual machine is enabled.
If you enable automated patching the cmdlet puts Windows Update into interactive mode.
If you disable automated patching, Windows Update settings do not change.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaintenanceWindowDuration
Specifies the duration, in minutes, of the maintenance window.
Automated patching avoids performing an action that can affect a virtual machine availability outside that window.
Specify a multiple of 30 minutes.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaintenanceWindowStartingHour
Specifies the hour of the day when maintenance window starts.
This time defines when updates start to install.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PatchCategory
Specifies whether important updates should be included.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Important

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### AutoPatchingSettings
This cmdlet returns object contains settings for automated patching.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)
