src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermsnapshotupdateconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configurable snapshot update object.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig [[-SkuName] <StorageAccountTypes>] [[-OsType] <OperatingSystemTypes>]
 [[-DiskSizeGB] <Int32>] [[-Tag] <Hashtable>] [-EncryptionSettingsEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-DiskEncryptionKey <KeyVaultAndSecretReference>] [-KeyEncryptionKey <KeyVaultAndKeyReference>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig** cmdlet creates a configurable snapshot update object.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> $snapshotupdateconfig = New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig -DiskSizeGB 10 -AccountType PremiumLRS -OsType Windows -CreateOption Empty -EncryptionSettingsEnabled $true;
PS C:\> $secretUrl = https://myvault.vault-int.azure-int.net/secrets/123/;
PS C:\> $secretId = '/subscriptions/0000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/ResourceGroup01/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/TestVault123';
PS C:\> $keyUrl = https://myvault.vault-int.azure-int.net/keys/456;
PS C:\> $keyId = '/subscriptions/0000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/ResourceGroup01/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/TestVault456';
PS C:\> $snapshotupdateconfig = Set-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateDiskEncryptionKey -SnapshotUpdate $snapshotupdateconfig -SecretUrl $secretUrl -SourceVaultId $secretId;
PS C:\> $snapshotupdateconfig = Set-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateKeyEncryptionKey -SnapshotUpdate $snapshotupdateconfig -KeyUrl $keyUrl -SourceVaultId $keyId;
PS C:\> Update-AzureRmSnapshot -ResourceGroupName 'ResourceGroup01' -SnapshotName 'Snapshot01' -SnapshotUpdate $snapshotupdateconfig;
```

The first command creates a local empty snapshot update object with size 10GB in Premium_LRS
storage account type. It also sets Windows OS type and enables encryption settings. The second and
third commands set the disk encryption key and key encryption key settings for the snapshot update
object. The last command takes the snapshot update object and updates an existing snapshot with
name 'Snapshot01' in resource group 'ResourceGroup01'.

### Example 2
```
PS C:\> New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig -DiskSizeGB 10 | Update-AzureRmSnapshot -ResourceGroupName 'ResourceGroup01' -SnapshotName 'Snapshot01';
```

This command updates an existing snapshot with name 'Snapshot01' in resource group
'ResourceGroup01' to 10 GB disk size.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DiskEncryptionKey
Specifies the disk encryption key object on a snapshot.

```yaml
Type: KeyVaultAndSecretReference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DiskSizeGB
Specifies the size of the disk in GB.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EncryptionSettingsEnabled
Enable encryption settings.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyEncryptionKey
Specifies the Key encryption key on a snapshot.

```yaml
Type: KeyVaultAndKeyReference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OsType
Specifies the OS type.

```yaml
Type: OperatingSystemTypes
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Windows, Linux

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkuName
Specifies the Sku name of the storage account.

```yaml
Type: StorageAccountTypes
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AccountType
Accepted values: StandardLRS, PremiumLRS

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Key-value pairs in the form of a hash table. For example:

@{key0="value0";key1=$null;key2="value2"}

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSSnapshotUpdate

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermsnapshotupdateconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configurable snapshot update object.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig [[-SkuName] <StorageAccountTypes>] [[-OsType] <OperatingSystemTypes>]
 [[-DiskSizeGB] <Int32>] [[-Tag] <Hashtable>] [-EncryptionSettingsEnabled <Boolean>]
 [-DiskEncryptionKey <KeyVaultAndSecretReference>] [-KeyEncryptionKey <KeyVaultAndKeyReference>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig** cmdlet creates a configurable snapshot update object.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> $snapshotupdateconfig = New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig -DiskSizeGB 10 -AccountType PremiumLRS -OsType Windows -CreateOption Empty -EncryptionSettingsEnabled $true;
PS C:\> $secretUrl = https://myvault.vault-int.azure-int.net/secrets/123/;
PS C:\> $secretId = '/subscriptions/0000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/ResourceGroup01/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/TestVault123';
PS C:\> $keyUrl = https://myvault.vault-int.azure-int.net/keys/456;
PS C:\> $keyId = '/subscriptions/0000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/ResourceGroup01/providers/Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults/TestVault456';
PS C:\> $snapshotupdateconfig = Set-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateDiskEncryptionKey -SnapshotUpdate $snapshotupdateconfig -SecretUrl $secretUrl -SourceVaultId $secretId;
PS C:\> $snapshotupdateconfig = Set-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateKeyEncryptionKey -SnapshotUpdate $snapshotupdateconfig -KeyUrl $keyUrl -SourceVaultId $keyId;
PS C:\> Update-AzureRmSnapshot -ResourceGroupName 'ResourceGroup01' -SnapshotName 'Snapshot01' -SnapshotUpdate $snapshotupdateconfig;
```

The first command creates a local empty snapshot update object with size 10GB in Premium_LRS
storage account type. It also sets Windows OS type and enables encryption settings. The second and
third commands set the disk encryption key and key encryption key settings for the snapshot update
object. The last command takes the snapshot update object and updates an existing snapshot with
name 'Snapshot01' in resource group 'ResourceGroup01'.

### Example 2
```
PS C:\> New-AzureRmSnapshotUpdateConfig -DiskSizeGB 10 | Update-AzureRmSnapshot -ResourceGroupName 'ResourceGroup01' -SnapshotName 'Snapshot01';
```

This command updates an existing snapshot with name 'Snapshot01' in resource group
'ResourceGroup01' to 10 GB disk size.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DiskEncryptionKey
Specifies the disk encryption key object on a snapshot.

```yaml
Type: KeyVaultAndSecretReference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DiskSizeGB
Specifies the size of the disk in GB.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EncryptionSettingsEnabled
Enable encryption settings.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyEncryptionKey
Specifies the Key encryption key on a snapshot.

```yaml
Type: KeyVaultAndKeyReference
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OsType
Specifies the OS type.

```yaml
Type: OperatingSystemTypes
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Windows, Linux

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkuName
Specifies the Sku name of the storage account.

```yaml
Type: StorageAccountTypes
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AccountType
Accepted values: StandardLRS, PremiumLRS

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Key-value pairs in the form of a hash table. For example:

@{key0="value0";key1=$null;key2="value2"}

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSSnapshotUpdate

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
