src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 5CC89899-00B6-424A-8896-FD32DE9DDA28
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmssvaultcertificateconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a Key Vault certificate configuration.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig [[-CertificateUrl] <String>] [[-CertificateStore] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig** cmdlet specifies the secret that needs to be placed on the Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS) virtual machines.
The output of this cmdlet is intended to be used with the Add-AzureRmVmssSecret cmdlet.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a Key Vault certificate configuration
```
PS C:\> New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig -CertificateUrl "http://keyVaultName.vault.contoso.net/secrets/secretName/secretVersion" -CertificateStore "MyCerts"
```

This command creates a Key Vault certificate configuration that uses the certificate store named MyCerts located at the specified certificate URL.

## PARAMETERS

### -CertificateStore
Specifies the certificate store on the virtual machines in the scale set where the certificate is added.
This is only valid for Windows Virtual Machine Scale Sets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CertificateUrl
Specifies the URI of a certificate stored in the Key Vault.

It is the base64 encoding of the following JSON Object which is encoded in UTF-8:


{
  "data":"\<Base64-encoded-certificate\>",
  "dataType":"pfx",
  "password":"\<pfx-file-password\>"
}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

###  
This cmdlet does not generate any output.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-AzureRmVmssSecret](./Add-AzureRmVmssSecret.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 5CC89899-00B6-424A-8896-FD32DE9DDA28
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmssvaultcertificateconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a Key Vault certificate configuration.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig [[-CertificateUrl] <String>] [[-CertificateStore] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig** cmdlet specifies the secret that needs to be placed on the Virtual Machine Scale Set (VMSS) virtual machines.
The output of this cmdlet is intended to be used with the Add-AzureRmVmssSecret cmdlet.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Create a Key Vault certificate configuration
```
PS C:\> New-AzureRmVmssVaultCertificateConfig -CertificateUrl "http://keyVaultName.vault.contoso.net/secrets/secretName/secretVersion" -CertificateStore "MyCerts"
```

This command creates a Key Vault certificate configuration that uses the certificate store named MyCerts located at the specified certificate URL.

## PARAMETERS

### -CertificateStore
Specifies the certificate store on the virtual machines in the scale set where the certificate is added.
This is only valid for Windows Virtual Machine Scale Sets.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CertificateUrl
Specifies the URI of a certificate stored in the Key Vault.

It is the base64 encoding of the following JSON Object which is encoded in UTF-8:


{
  "data":"\<Base64-encoded-certificate\>",
  "dataType":"pfx",
  "password":"\<pfx-file-password\>"
}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

###  
This cmdlet does not generate any output.

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Add-AzureRmVmssSecret](./Add-AzureRmVmssSecret.md)
