src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmImageConfig.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermimageconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmImageConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configurable image object.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmImageConfig [[-Location] <String>] [[-Tag] <Hashtable>] [[-SourceVirtualMachineId] <String>]
 [[-OsDisk] <ImageOSDisk>] [-DataDisk <ImageDataDisk[]>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmImageConfig** cmdlet creates a configurable image object.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> $imageConfig = New-AzureRmImageConfig -Location 'West US';
PS C:\> $osDiskVhdUri = "https://contoso.blob.core.windows.net/test/os.vhd"
PS C:\> $dataDiskVhdUri1 = "https://contoso.blob.core.windows.net/test/data1.vhd"
PS C:\> $dataDiskVhdUri2 = "https://contoso.blob.core.windows.net/test/data2.vhd"
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmImageOsDisk -Image $imageConfig -OsType 'Windows' -OsState 'Generalized' -BlobUri $osDiskVhdUri;
PS C:\> Add-AzureRmImageDataDisk -Image $imageConfig -Lun 1 -BlobUri $dataDiskVhdUri1;
PS C:\> Add-AzureRmImageDataDisk -Image $imageConfig -Lun 2 -BlobUri $dataDiskVhdUri2;
PS C:\> New-AzureRmImage -Image $imageConfig -ImageName 'ImageName01' -ResourceGroupName 'ResourceGroup01';
```

The first command creates an image object, and then stores it in the $imageConfig variable.

The next three commands assign paths of os disk and two data disks to the $osDiskVhdUri,
$dataDiskVhdUri1, and $dataDiskVhdUri2 variables. This approach is only for readability of the
following commands.

The next three commands each adds an os disk and two data disks to the image stored in $imageConfig.
The URI of each disk is stored in $osDiskVhdUri, $dataDiskVhdUri1, and $dataDiskVhdUri2.

The final command creates an image named 'ImageName01' in resource group 'ResourceGroup01'.

## PARAMETERS

### -DataDisk
Specifies the data disk object.

```yaml
Type: ImageDataDisk[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies a location.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OsDisk
Specifies the operating system Disk.

```yaml
Type: ImageOSDisk
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SourceVirtualMachineId
Specifies the source virtual machine ID.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Key-value pairs in the form of a hash table. For example:

@{key0="value0";key1=$null;key2="value2"}

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSImage

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmImageConfig.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermimageconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmImageConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configurable image object.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmImageConfig [[-Location] <String>] [[-Tag] <Hashtable>] [[-SourceVirtualMachineId] <String>]
 [[-OsDisk] <ImageOSDisk>] [-DataDisk <ImageDataDisk[]>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzureRmImageConfig** cmdlet creates a configurable image object.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> $imageConfig = New-AzureRmImageConfig -Location 'West US';
PS C:\> $osDiskVhdUri = "https://contoso.blob.core.windows.net/test/os.vhd"
PS C:\> $dataDiskVhdUri1 = "https://contoso.blob.core.windows.net/test/data1.vhd"
PS C:\> $dataDiskVhdUri2 = "https://contoso.blob.core.windows.net/test/data2.vhd"
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmImageOsDisk -Image $imageConfig -OsType 'Windows' -OsState 'Generalized' -BlobUri $osDiskVhdUri;
PS C:\> Add-AzureRmImageDataDisk -Image $imageConfig -Lun 1 -BlobUri $dataDiskVhdUri1;
PS C:\> Add-AzureRmImageDataDisk -Image $imageConfig -Lun 2 -BlobUri $dataDiskVhdUri2;
PS C:\> New-AzureRmImage -Image $imageConfig -ImageName 'ImageName01' -ResourceGroupName 'ResourceGroup01';
```

The first command creates an image object, and then stores it in the $imageConfig variable.

The next three commands assign paths of os disk and two data disks to the $osDiskVhdUri,
$dataDiskVhdUri1, and $dataDiskVhdUri2 variables. This approach is only for readability of the
following commands.

The next three commands each adds an os disk and two data disks to the image stored in $imageConfig.
The URI of each disk is stored in $osDiskVhdUri, $dataDiskVhdUri1, and $dataDiskVhdUri2.

The final command creates an image named 'ImageName01' in resource group 'ResourceGroup01'.

## PARAMETERS

### -DataDisk
Specifies the data disk object.

```yaml
Type: ImageDataDisk[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies a location.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OsDisk
Specifies the operating system Disk.

```yaml
Type: ImageOSDisk
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SourceVirtualMachineId
Specifies the source virtual machine ID.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
Key-value pairs in the form of a hash table. For example:

@{key0="value0";key1=$null;key2="value2"}

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs. The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Automation.Models.PSImage

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
