src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVMSqlServerKeyVaultCredentialConfig.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: B30C2BDD-6DA9-47B5-88FE-3AD43E15A072
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmsqlserverkeyvaultcredentialconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVMSqlServerKeyVaultCredentialConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configuration object for SQL server key vault credential on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerKeyVaultCredentialConfig [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Enable]
 [-CredentialName <String>] [-AzureKeyVaultUrl <String>] [-ServicePrincipalName <String>]
 [-ServicePrincipalSecret <SecureString>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

## EXAMPLES

## PARAMETERS

### -AzureKeyVaultUrl
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CredentialName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Enable
```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalSecret
```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.KeyVaultCredentialSettings

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/New-AzureRmVMSqlServerKeyVaultCredentialConfig.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: B30C2BDD-6DA9-47B5-88FE-3AD43E15A072
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/new-azurermvmsqlserverkeyvaultcredentialconfig
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzureRmVMSqlServerKeyVaultCredentialConfig

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a configuration object for SQL server key vault credential on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzureRmVMSqlServerKeyVaultCredentialConfig [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-Enable]
 [-CredentialName <String>] [-AzureKeyVaultUrl <String>] [-ServicePrincipalName <String>]
 [-ServicePrincipalSecret <SecureString>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

## EXAMPLES

## PARAMETERS

### -AzureKeyVaultUrl
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CredentialName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Enable
```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ServicePrincipalSecret
```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.KeyVaultCredentialSettings

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
