src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 89DA3965-5344-4A1D-AEF1-10EA58E129CF
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmdiagnosticsextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes the Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension** cmdlet removes an Azure Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine.
You must pass the output of this cmdlet to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet to implement your changes.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove the Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM22" | Update-AzureRmVM
```

This command removes the Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine named ContosoVM22.
The command passes the result to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.
That command updates the virtual machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Diagnostics extension that this cmdlet removes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine from which this cmdlet removes a Diagnostics extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)

[Update-AzureRmVM](./Update-AzureRmVM.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 89DA3965-5344-4A1D-AEF1-10EA58E129CF
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmdiagnosticsextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes the Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension** cmdlet removes an Azure Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine.
You must pass the output of this cmdlet to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet to implement your changes.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove the Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM22" | Update-AzureRmVM
```

This command removes the Diagnostics extension from a virtual machine named ContosoVM22.
The command passes the result to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.
That command updates the virtual machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Diagnostics extension that this cmdlet removes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine from which this cmdlet removes a Diagnostics extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)

[Update-AzureRmVM](./Update-AzureRmVM.md)
