src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 9DDB3672-4C98-4449-9F29-DD9501ED4D3E
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmdiskencryptionextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes the disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-Force] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension** cmdlet removes the disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.
If no extension name is specified, this cmdlet removes the extension with default name AzureDiskEncryption for virtual machines that run the Windows operating system or AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux based virtual machines.
This cmdlet does not disable encryption on the virtual machine.
It removes the extension and the associated extension configuration from the virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove the disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup" -VMName "MyTestVM"
```

This command removes the extension with default name AzureDiskEncryption for a virtual machine that runs the Windows operating system or AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux based virtual machine named MyTestVM.

### Example 2: Remove a specific disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup" -VMName "MyTestVM" -Name "MyDiskEncryptionExtension"
```

This command removes the encryption extension named MyDiskEncryptionExtension from the virtual machine named MyTestVM.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Forces the command to run without asking for user confirmation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Azure Resource Manager resource that represents the extension.
The Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension cmdlet sets this name to AzureDiskEncryption for virtual machines that run the Windows operating system and AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux virtual machines.
Specify this parameter only if you changed the default name in the **Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension** cmdlet or used a different resource name in a Resource Manager template.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group for the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus](./Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 9DDB3672-4C98-4449-9F29-DD9501ED4D3E
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmdiskencryptionextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes the disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-Force] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension** cmdlet removes the disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.
If no extension name is specified, this cmdlet removes the extension with default name AzureDiskEncryption for virtual machines that run the Windows operating system or AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux based virtual machines.
This cmdlet does not disable encryption on the virtual machine.
It removes the extension and the associated extension configuration from the virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove the disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup" -VMName "MyTestVM"
```

This command removes the extension with default name AzureDiskEncryption for a virtual machine that runs the Windows operating system or AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux based virtual machine named MyTestVM.

### Example 2: Remove a specific disk encryption extension from a virtual machine.
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension -ResourceGroupName "MyResourceGroup" -VMName "MyTestVM" -Name "MyDiskEncryptionExtension"
```

This command removes the encryption extension named MyDiskEncryptionExtension from the virtual machine named MyTestVM.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Forces the command to run without asking for user confirmation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Azure Resource Manager resource that represents the extension.
The Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension cmdlet sets this name to AzureDiskEncryption for virtual machines that run the Windows operating system and AzureDiskEncryptionForLinux for Linux virtual machines.
Specify this parameter only if you changed the default name in the **Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension** cmdlet or used a different resource name in a Resource Manager template.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group for the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus](./Get-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionStatus.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMDiskEncryptionExtension.md)
