src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: C7FCF2CA-2C8D-4280-BF68-10DEA96642A5
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmdscextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes a DSC extension handler from a virtual machine in a resource group.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension** cmdlet removes a Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension handler from a virtual machine in a resource group.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove a DSC extension
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM07" -Name "DSC"
```

This command removes the extension named DSC on virtual machine named VM07.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the DSC extension that this cmdlet removes.
The Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension cmdlet sets this name to Microsoft.Powershell.DSC, which is the default value used by **Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension**.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine from which this cmdlet removes the DSC extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: C7FCF2CA-2C8D-4280-BF68-10DEA96642A5
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmdscextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes a DSC extension handler from a virtual machine in a resource group.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-Name] <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension** cmdlet removes a Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension handler from a virtual machine in a resource group.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove a DSC extension
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM07" -Name "DSC"
```

This command removes the extension named DSC on virtual machine named VM07.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the DSC extension that this cmdlet removes.
The Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension cmdlet sets this name to Microsoft.Powershell.DSC, which is the default value used by **Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension**.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine from which this cmdlet removes the DSC extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)
