src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: B02CEAC8-C838-4890-8C21-9897CA39EF45
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmsqlserverextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes a SQL Server extension from a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension** cmdlet removes an AzureSQL Server extension from a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove a SQL Server extension
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM22" -Name "SqlIaaSAgent"
```

This command removes a SQL Server extension from the virtual machine named ContosoVM22.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the SQL Server the extension that this cmdlet removes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine from which this cmdlet removes the SQL Server extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: B02CEAC8-C838-4890-8C21-9897CA39EF45
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/remove-azurermvmsqlserverextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Removes a SQL Server extension from a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name] <String>
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension** cmdlet removes an AzureSQL Server extension from a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Remove a SQL Server extension
```
PS C:\> Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "ContosoVM22" -Name "SqlIaaSAgent"
```

This command removes a SQL Server extension from the virtual machine named ContosoVM22.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the SQL Server the extension that this cmdlet removes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine from which this cmdlet removes the SQL Server extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)
