src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 64AB1BAE-A756-43A8-A40F-10B746EA0946
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmcustomscriptextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds a custom script extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames (Default)
```
Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension -ContainerName <String> -FileName <String[]> [-StorageAccountName <String>]
 [-StorageEndpointSuffix <String>] [-StorageAccountKey <String>] [-Run <String>] [-Argument <String>]
 [-SecureExecution] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### SetCustomScriptExtensionByUriLinks
```
Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension [-FileUri <String[]>] [-Run <String>] [-Argument <String>]
 [-SecureExecution] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension** cmdlet adds a custom script Virtual Machine Extension to a virtual machine.
This extension lets you run your own scripts on the virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add a custom script
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Location "Central US" -VMName "VirtualMachine07" -Name "ContosoTest" -TypeHandlerVersion "1.1" -StorageAccountName "Contoso" -StorageAccountKey <StorageKey> -FileName "ContosoScript.exe" -ContainerName "Scripts"
```

This command adds a custom script to the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.
The script file is contososcript.exe.

## PARAMETERS

### -Argument
Specifies arguments that the script extension passes to the script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ContainerName
Specifies the name of the Azure storage container where this cmdlet stores the script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FileName
Specifies the name of the script file. If the file is stored in Azure Blob storage, the file name
value is case-senstive. File names of files stored in Azure File storage are not case-senstive.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FileUri
Specifies the URI of the script file.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByUriLinks
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Indicates that this cmdlet forces a rerun of the same extension configuration on the virtual machine without uninstalling and reinstalling the extension.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the custom script extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Run
Specifies the command to use that runs your script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: RunFile, Command

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecureExecution
Indicates that this cmdlet makes sure that the value of the *Run* parameter is not logged on the server or returned to the user by using the GET extension API.
The value of *Run* might contain secrets or passwords to be passed to the script file securely.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountKey
Specifies the key for the Azure storage container.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountName
Specifies the name of the Azure storage account where this cmdlet stores the script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageEndpointSuffix
Specifies the storage endpoint suffix.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.
To obtain the version, run the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage cmdlet with a value of Microsoft.Compute for the *PublisherName* parameter and VMAccessAgent for the *Type* parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds the custom script extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 64AB1BAE-A756-43A8-A40F-10B746EA0946
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmcustomscriptextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds a custom script extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames (Default)
```
Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension -ContainerName <String> -FileName <String[]> [-StorageAccountName <String>]
 [-StorageEndpointSuffix <String>] [-StorageAccountKey <String>] [-Run <String>] [-Argument <String>]
 [-SecureExecution] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### SetCustomScriptExtensionByUriLinks
```
Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension [-FileUri <String[]>] [-Run <String>] [-Argument <String>]
 [-SecureExecution] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension** cmdlet adds a custom script Virtual Machine Extension to a virtual machine.
This extension lets you run your own scripts on the virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add a custom script
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -Location "Central US" -VMName "VirtualMachine07" -Name "ContosoTest" -TypeHandlerVersion "1.1" -StorageAccountName "Contoso" -StorageAccountKey <StorageKey> -FileName "ContosoScript.exe" -ContainerName "Scripts"
```

This command adds a custom script to the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07.
The script file is contososcript.exe.

## PARAMETERS

### -Argument
Specifies arguments that the script extension passes to the script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ContainerName
Specifies the name of the Azure storage container where this cmdlet stores the script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FileName
Specifies the name of the script file. If the file is stored in Azure Blob storage, the file name
value is case-senstive. File names of files stored in Azure File storage are not case-senstive.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -FileUri
Specifies the URI of the script file.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByUriLinks
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Indicates that this cmdlet forces a rerun of the same extension configuration on the virtual machine without uninstalling and reinstalling the extension.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the custom script extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Run
Specifies the command to use that runs your script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: RunFile, Command

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecureExecution
Indicates that this cmdlet makes sure that the value of the *Run* parameter is not logged on the server or returned to the user by using the GET extension API.
The value of *Run* might contain secrets or passwords to be passed to the script file securely.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountKey
Specifies the key for the Azure storage container.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountName
Specifies the name of the Azure storage account where this cmdlet stores the script.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageEndpointSuffix
Specifies the storage endpoint suffix.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: SetCustomScriptExtensionByContainerAndFileNames
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.
To obtain the version, run the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage cmdlet with a value of Microsoft.Compute for the *PublisherName* parameter and VMAccessAgent for the *Type* parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds the custom script extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMCustomScriptExtension.md)
