src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: C650E465-7CDE-47F8-B85A-8FA3E1756FAF
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmsqlserverextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Sets the Azure SQL Server extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension [[-Version] <String>] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String>
 [[-Name] <String>] [[-AutoPatchingSettings] <AutoPatchingSettings>]
 [[-AutoBackupSettings] <AutoBackupSettings>] [[-KeyVaultCredentialSettings] <KeyVaultCredentialSettings>]
 [[-Location] <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension** cmdlet sets the AzureSQL Server extension on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Set automatic patching settings on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> $AutoPatchingConfig = New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig -Enable -DayOfWeek "Thursday" -MaintenanceWindowStartingHour 11 -MaintenanceWindowDuration 120 -PatchCategory "Important"
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service02" -Name "VirtualMachine11" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -AutoPatchingSettings $AutoPatchingConfig | Update-AzureRmVM
```

The first command creates a configuration object by using the **New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig** cmdlet.
The command stores the configuration in the $AutoPatchingConfig variable.

The second command gets the virtual machine named VirtualMachine11 on the service named Service02 by using the Get-AzureRmVM cmdlet.
The command passes that object to the current cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.

The current cmdlet sets the automatic patching settings in $AutoPatchingConfig for the virtual machine.
The command passes the virtual machine to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet.

### Example 2: Set automatic backup settings on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> $AutoBackupConfig = New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10 -StorageUri $StorageUrl -StorageKey $StorageAccountKeySecure
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service02" -Name "VirtualMachine11" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -AutoBackupSettings $AutoBackupConfig | Update-AzureRmVM
```

The first command creates a configuration object by using the **New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig** cmdlet.
The command stores the configuration in the $AutoBackupConfig variable.

The second command gets the virtual machine named VirtualMachine11 on the service named Service02, and then passes it to the current cmdlet.

The current cmdlet sets the automatic backup settings in $AutoBackupConfig for the virtual machine.
The command passes the virtual machine to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet.

### Example 3: Disable a SQL Server extension on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service03" -Name "VirtualMachine08" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -Disable
```

This command gets a virtual machine named VirtualMachine08 on Service03, and then passes it to the current cmdlet.
The command disables SQL Server virtual machine extension on that virtual machine.

### Example 4: Uninstall a SQL Server extension on a specific virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service03" -Name "VirtualMachine08" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -Uninstall
```

This command gets a virtual machine named VirtualMachine08 on Service03, and then passes it to the current cmdlet.
The command uninstalls a SQL Server virtual machine extension on that virtual machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoBackupSettings
Specifies the automatic SQL Server backup settings.
To create an **AutoBackupSettings** object , use the New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: AutoBackupSettings
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutoPatchingSettings
Specifies the automatic SQL Server patching settings.
To create an **AutoPatchingSettings** object , use the New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: AutoPatchingSettings
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyVaultCredentialSettings
```yaml
Type: KeyVaultCredentialSettings
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the SQL Server the extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the SQL Server extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine on which this cmdlet sets the SQL Server extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVM](./Get-AzureRmVM.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig.md)

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[Update-AzureRmVM](./Update-AzureRmVM.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: C650E465-7CDE-47F8-B85A-8FA3E1756FAF
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmsqlserverextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Sets the Azure SQL Server extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension [[-Version] <String>] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String>
 [[-Name] <String>] [[-AutoPatchingSettings] <AutoPatchingSettings>]
 [[-AutoBackupSettings] <AutoBackupSettings>] [[-KeyVaultCredentialSettings] <KeyVaultCredentialSettings>]
 [[-Location] <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension** cmdlet sets the AzureSQL Server extension on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Set automatic patching settings on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> $AutoPatchingConfig = New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig -Enable -DayOfWeek "Thursday" -MaintenanceWindowStartingHour 11 -MaintenanceWindowDuration 120 -PatchCategory "Important"
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service02" -Name "VirtualMachine11" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -AutoPatchingSettings $AutoPatchingConfig | Update-AzureRmVM
```

The first command creates a configuration object by using the **New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig** cmdlet.
The command stores the configuration in the $AutoPatchingConfig variable.

The second command gets the virtual machine named VirtualMachine11 on the service named Service02 by using the Get-AzureRmVM cmdlet.
The command passes that object to the current cmdlet by using the pipeline operator.

The current cmdlet sets the automatic patching settings in $AutoPatchingConfig for the virtual machine.
The command passes the virtual machine to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet.

### Example 2: Set automatic backup settings on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> $AutoBackupConfig = New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig -Enable -RetentionPeriod 10 -StorageUri $StorageUrl -StorageKey $StorageAccountKeySecure
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service02" -Name "VirtualMachine11" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -AutoBackupSettings $AutoBackupConfig | Update-AzureRmVM
```

The first command creates a configuration object by using the **New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig** cmdlet.
The command stores the configuration in the $AutoBackupConfig variable.

The second command gets the virtual machine named VirtualMachine11 on the service named Service02, and then passes it to the current cmdlet.

The current cmdlet sets the automatic backup settings in $AutoBackupConfig for the virtual machine.
The command passes the virtual machine to the Update-AzureRmVM cmdlet.

### Example 3: Disable a SQL Server extension on a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service03" -Name "VirtualMachine08" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -Disable
```

This command gets a virtual machine named VirtualMachine08 on Service03, and then passes it to the current cmdlet.
The command disables SQL Server virtual machine extension on that virtual machine.

### Example 4: Uninstall a SQL Server extension on a specific virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Get-AzureRmVM -ServiceName "Service03" -Name "VirtualMachine08" | Set-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension -Uninstall
```

This command gets a virtual machine named VirtualMachine08 on Service03, and then passes it to the current cmdlet.
The command uninstalls a SQL Server virtual machine extension on that virtual machine.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoBackupSettings
Specifies the automatic SQL Server backup settings.
To create an **AutoBackupSettings** object , use the New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: AutoBackupSettings
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutoPatchingSettings
Specifies the automatic SQL Server patching settings.
To create an **AutoPatchingSettings** object , use the New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: AutoPatchingSettings
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -KeyVaultCredentialSettings
```yaml
Type: KeyVaultCredentialSettings
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the SQL Server the extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the SQL Server extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine on which this cmdlet sets the SQL Server extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVM](./Get-AzureRmVM.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoPatchingConfig.md)

[New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig](./New-AzureVMSqlServerAutoBackupConfig.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMSqlServerExtension](./Remove-AzureRMVMSqlServerExtension.md)

[Update-AzureRmVM](./Update-AzureRmVM.md)
