src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: D93666EC-C252-4E3B-B311-50B6EEA6D4BF
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmaccessextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds the VMAccess extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String>
 [-Name <String>] [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion]
 [-ForceRerun <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension** cmdlet adds the Virtual Machine Access (VMAccess) Virtual Machine Extension to a virtual machine.
VMAccess can reset the virtual machine user name and password.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add a VMAccess extension
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResrouceGroup11" -Location "Central US" -VMName "VirtualMachine07" -Name "ContosoTest" -TypeHandlerVersion "2.0" -UserName "PFuller" -Password "Password"
```

This command adds a VMAccess extension for the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07 in ResrouceGroup11.
The command specifies the name and type handler version for VMAccess.

## PARAMETERS

### -Credential
Specifies the user name and password for the virtual machine as a **PSCredential** object.
To obtain a credential, use the Get-Credential cmdlet.
For more information, type `Get-Help Get-Credential`.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Indicates that this cmdlet forces a rerun of the same extension configuration on the virtual machine without uninstalling and reinstalling the extension.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the extension that this cmdlet adds.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.
To obtain the version, run the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage cmdlet with a value of Microsoft.Compute for the *PublisherName* parameter and VMAccessAgent for the *Type* parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds VMAccess for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMAccessExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMAccessExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMAccessExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMAccessExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMExtension.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage](./Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: D93666EC-C252-4E3B-B311-50B6EEA6D4BF
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmaccessextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds the VMAccess extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String>
 [-Name <String>] [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion]
 [-ForceRerun <String>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension** cmdlet adds the Virtual Machine Access (VMAccess) Virtual Machine VMAccess Extension to a virtual machine. VMAccess Extension can be used to set a temporary password and this should be immediately changed it after logging into the machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add a VMAccess extension
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMAccessExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResrouceGroup11" -Location "Central US" -VMName "VirtualMachine07" -Name "ContosoTest" -TypeHandlerVersion "2.0" -UserName "PFuller" -Password "Password"
```

This command adds a VMAccess extension for the virtual machine named VirtualMachine07 in ResrouceGroup11.
The command specifies the name and type handler version for VMAccess.

## PARAMETERS

### -Credential
Specifies the user name and password for the virtual machine as a **PSCredential** object.
To obtain a credential, use the Get-Credential cmdlet.
For more information, type `Get-Help Get-Credential`.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Indicates that this cmdlet forces a rerun of the same extension configuration on the virtual machine without uninstalling and reinstalling the extension.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the extension that this cmdlet adds.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.
To obtain the version, run the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage cmdlet with a value of Microsoft.Compute for the *PublisherName* parameter and VMAccessAgent for the *Type* parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds VMAccess for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMAccessExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMAccessExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMAccessExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMAccessExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMExtension.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage](./Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage.md)
