src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 65BF37D3-4FCE-48A3-BC5D-01AA20FEB6CA
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmaddomainextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds an AD domain extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension -DomainName <String> [-OUPath <String>] [-JoinOption <UInt32>]
 [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Restart] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension** cmdlet adds an Azure Active Directory (AD) domain virtual machine extension to a virtual machine.
This extension lets your virtual machine join a domain.

## EXAMPLES

## PARAMETERS

### -Credential
Specifies the user name and password for the virtual machine as a **PSCredential** object.
To obtain a credential, use the Get-Credential cmdlet.
For more information, type `Get-Help Get-Credential`.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
Indicates that this cmdlet disables auto-upgrade of the minor version of the extension.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DomainName
Specifies the name of the domain.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Indicates that this cmdlet forces a rerun of the same extension configuration on the virtual machine without uninstalling and reinstalling the extension.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -JoinOption
Specifies the join option.

```yaml
Type: UInt32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the domain extension to add.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OUPath
Specifies an organizational unit (OU) for the domain account.
Enter the full distinguished name of the OU in quotation marks.
The default value is the default OU for machine objects in the domain.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Restart
Indicates that this cmdlet restarts the virtual machine.
A restart is often required to make the change effective.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the domain extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 65BF37D3-4FCE-48A3-BC5D-01AA20FEB6CA
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmaddomainextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds an AD domain extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension -DomainName <String> [-OUPath <String>] [-JoinOption <UInt32>]
 [-Credential <PSCredential>] [-Restart] [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension** cmdlet adds an Azure Active Directory (AD) domain virtual machine extension to a virtual machine.
This extension lets your virtual machine join a domain.

## EXAMPLES

## PARAMETERS

### -Credential
Specifies the user name and password for the virtual machine as a **PSCredential** object.
To obtain a credential, use the Get-Credential cmdlet.
For more information, type `Get-Help Get-Credential`.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
Indicates that this cmdlet disables auto-upgrade of the minor version of the extension.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DomainName
Specifies the name of the domain.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Indicates that this cmdlet forces a rerun of the same extension configuration on the virtual machine without uninstalling and reinstalling the extension.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -JoinOption
Specifies the join option.

```yaml
Type: UInt32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the domain extension to add.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OUPath
Specifies an organizational unit (OU) for the domain account.
Enter the full distinguished name of the OU in quotation marks.
The default value is the default OU for machine objects in the domain.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Restart
Indicates that this cmdlet restarts the virtual machine.
A restart is often required to make the change effective.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the domain extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMADDomainExtension.md)
