src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: CC306D8C-A5EE-4655-B686-E5A77CCE5042
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmchefextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds a Chef extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### Linux
```
Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-TypeHandlerVersion] <String>]
 -ValidationPem <String> [-ClientRb <String>] [-BootstrapOptions <String>] [-JsonAttribute <String>]
 [-ChefDaemonInterval <String>] [-Daemon <String>] [-Secret <String>] [-SecretFile <String>]
 [-RunList <String>] [-ChefServerUrl <String>] [-ValidationClientName <String>] [-OrganizationName <String>]
 [-BootstrapVersion <String>] [-Linux] [[-Location] <String>] [[-Name] <String>]
 [[-AutoUpgradeMinorVersion] <Boolean>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Windows
```
Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-TypeHandlerVersion] <String>]
 -ValidationPem <String> [-ClientRb <String>] [-BootstrapOptions <String>] [-JsonAttribute <String>]
 [-ChefDaemonInterval <String>] [-Daemon <String>] [-Secret <String>] [-SecretFile <String>]
 [-RunList <String>] [-ChefServerUrl <String>] [-ValidationClientName <String>] [-OrganizationName <String>]
 [-BootstrapVersion <String>] [-Windows] [[-Location] <String>] [[-Name] <String>]
 [[-AutoUpgradeMinorVersion] <Boolean>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureVMChefExtension** cmdlet adds the Chef extension to the virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add a Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "WindowsVM001" -ValidationPem "C:\my-org-validator.pem" -ClientRb "C:\client.rb" -RunList "Apache" -Daemon "service" -SecretFile "C:\my_encrypted_data_bag_secret" -Windows
```

This command adds a Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine named WindowsVM001.
When the virtual machine starts, Chef bootstraps the virtual machine to run Apache.

### Example 2: Add a Chef extension to a Linux virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup002" -VMName "LinuxVM001" -ValidationPem "C:\my-org-validator.pem" -ClientRb "C:\client.rb" -RunList "Apache" -Secret "my_secret" -Linux
```

This command adds a Chef extension to a Linux virtual machine named LinuxVM001.
When the virtual machine starts, Chef bootstraps the virtual machine to run Apache.

### Example 3: Add a Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine with bootstrap options
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup003" -VMName "WindowsVM002" -ValidationPem C:\my-org-validator.pem -ClientRb C:\client.rb -BootstrapOptions '{"chef_node_name":"your_node_name","chef_server_url":"https://api.opscode.com/organizations/some-org", "validation_client_name":"some-org-validator"}' -RunList "Apache" -Windows
```

This command adds the Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine named WindowsVM002.
When the virtual machine starts, Chef bootstraps the virtual machine to run Apache.
After bootstrapping, the virtual machine refers to the BootstrapOptions specified in JSON format.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoUpgradeMinorVersion
```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 10
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BootstrapOptions
Specifies configuration settings in the client_rb option.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BootstrapVersion
Specifies the version of the bootstrap configuration.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ChefDaemonInterval
Specifies the frequency (in minutes) at which the chef-service runs. If in case you don't want the chef-service to be installed on the Azure VM then set value as 0 in this field.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ChefServiceInterval

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ChefServerUrl
Specifies the Chef server link, as a URL.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClientRb
Specifies the full path of the Chef client.rb.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Daemon
Configures the chef-client service for unattended execution. The node platform should be Windows.
Allowed options: 'none','service' and 'task'.
none - Currently prevents the chef-client service from being configured as a service.
service - Configures the chef-client to run automatically in the background as a service.
task - Configures the chef-client to run automatically in the background as a secheduled task.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: none, service, task

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -JsonAttribute
A JSON string to be added to the first run of chef-client. e.g. -JsonAttribute '{"foo" : "bar"}'

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Linux
Indicates that this cmdlet creates a Windows virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Linux
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OrganizationName
Specifies the organization name of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RunList
Specifies the Chef node run list.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Secret
The encryption key used to encrypt and decrypt the data bag item values.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecretFile
The path to the file that contains the encryption key used to encrypt and decrypt the data bag item values.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: 9
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ValidationClientName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ValidationPem
Specifies the Chef validator .pem file path

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds the Chef extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Windows
Indicates that this cmdlet creates a Windows virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Windows
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: CC306D8C-A5EE-4655-B686-E5A77CCE5042
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmchefextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds a Chef extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

### Linux
```
Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-TypeHandlerVersion] <String>]
 -ValidationPem <String> [-ClientRb <String>] [-BootstrapOptions <String>] [-JsonAttribute <String>]
 [-ChefDaemonInterval <String>] [-Daemon <String>] [-Secret <String>] [-SecretFile <String>]
 [-RunList <String>] [-ChefServerUrl <String>] [-ValidationClientName <String>] [-OrganizationName <String>]
 [-BootstrapVersion <String>] [-Linux] [[-Location] <String>] [[-Name] <String>]
 [[-AutoUpgradeMinorVersion] <Boolean>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Windows
```
Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-TypeHandlerVersion] <String>]
 -ValidationPem <String> [-ClientRb <String>] [-BootstrapOptions <String>] [-JsonAttribute <String>]
 [-ChefDaemonInterval <String>] [-Daemon <String>] [-Secret <String>] [-SecretFile <String>]
 [-RunList <String>] [-ChefServerUrl <String>] [-ValidationClientName <String>] [-OrganizationName <String>]
 [-BootstrapVersion <String>] [-Windows] [[-Location] <String>] [[-Name] <String>]
 [[-AutoUpgradeMinorVersion] <Boolean>] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureVMChefExtension** cmdlet adds the Chef extension to the virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add a Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "WindowsVM001" -ValidationPem "C:\my-org-validator.pem" -ClientRb "C:\client.rb" -RunList "Apache" -Daemon "service" -SecretFile "C:\my_encrypted_data_bag_secret" -Windows
```

This command adds a Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine named WindowsVM001.
When the virtual machine starts, Chef bootstraps the virtual machine to run Apache.

### Example 2: Add a Chef extension to a Linux virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup002" -VMName "LinuxVM001" -ValidationPem "C:\my-org-validator.pem" -ClientRb "C:\client.rb" -RunList "Apache" -Secret "my_secret" -Linux
```

This command adds a Chef extension to a Linux virtual machine named LinuxVM001.
When the virtual machine starts, Chef bootstraps the virtual machine to run Apache.

### Example 3: Add a Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine with bootstrap options
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMChefExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup003" -VMName "WindowsVM002" -ValidationPem C:\my-org-validator.pem -ClientRb C:\client.rb -BootstrapOptions '{"chef_node_name":"your_node_name","chef_server_url":"https://api.opscode.com/organizations/some-org", "validation_client_name":"some-org-validator"}' -RunList "Apache" -Windows
```

This command adds the Chef extension to a Windows virtual machine named WindowsVM002.
When the virtual machine starts, Chef bootstraps the virtual machine to run Apache.
After bootstrapping, the virtual machine refers to the BootstrapOptions specified in JSON format.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoUpgradeMinorVersion
```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 10
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BootstrapOptions
Specifies configuration settings in the client_rb option.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BootstrapVersion
Specifies the version of the bootstrap configuration.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ChefDaemonInterval
Specifies the frequency (in minutes) at which the chef-service runs. If in case you don't want the chef-service to be installed on the Azure VM then set value as 0 in this field.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ChefServiceInterval

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ChefServerUrl
Specifies the Chef server link, as a URL.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ClientRb
Specifies the full path of the Chef client.rb.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Daemon
Configures the chef-client service for unattended execution. The node platform should be Windows.
Allowed options: 'none','service' and 'task'.
none - Currently prevents the chef-client service from being configured as a service.
service - Configures the chef-client to run automatically in the background as a service.
task - Configures the chef-client to run automatically in the background as a secheduled task.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: none, service, task

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -JsonAttribute
A JSON string to be added to the first run of chef-client. e.g. -JsonAttribute '{"foo" : "bar"}'

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Linux
Indicates that this cmdlet creates a Windows virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Linux
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OrganizationName
Specifies the organization name of the Chef extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group that contains the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RunList
Specifies the Chef node run list.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Secret
The encryption key used to encrypt and decrypt the data bag item values.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SecretFile
The path to the file that contains the encryption key used to encrypt and decrypt the data bag item values.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: 9
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ValidationClientName
```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ValidationPem
Specifies the Chef validator .pem file path

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds the Chef extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Windows
Indicates that this cmdlet creates a Windows virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: Windows
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMChefExtension.md)
