src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMBginfoExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: B2B4E132-4A71-4DB8-A7B9-9ED3FE7EB292
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmbginfoextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMBginfoExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds the BGInfo extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMBginfoExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMBGInfoExtension** cmdlet adds the BGInfo extension to a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add the BGInfo extension for a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureVMBGInfoExtension -ResrouceGroupName "ContosoRG" -VMName "ContosoVM" -Name "ExtensionName" -TypeHandlerVersion "2.1" -Location "West Europe"
```

This command adds the BGInfo extension to virtual machine named ContosoVM.
The command specifies the resource group and location of the virtual machine.
The command specifies the name and version of the extension.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
Indicates that this cmdlet prevents the Azure guest agent from automatically updating the extension to a newer minor version.
By default, this cmdlet enables the guest agent to update the extension.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Specifies that the extension should be run again with the same public or protected settings.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the BGInfo extension that this cmdlet adds to a virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine to which this cmdlet adds an extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension that this cmdlet adds to the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine to which this cmdlet adds the BGInfo extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMBginfoExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: B2B4E132-4A71-4DB8-A7B9-9ED3FE7EB292
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmbginfoextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMBginfoExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Adds the BGInfo extension to a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMBginfoExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-TypeHandlerVersion <String>] [-Location <String>] [-DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion] [-ForceRerun <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMBGInfoExtension** cmdlet adds the BGInfo extension to a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Add the BGInfo extension for a virtual machine
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureVMBGInfoExtension -ResrouceGroupName "ContosoRG" -VMName "ContosoVM" -Name "ExtensionName" -TypeHandlerVersion "2.1" -Location "West Europe"
```

This command adds the BGInfo extension to virtual machine named ContosoVM.
The command specifies the resource group and location of the virtual machine.
The command specifies the name and version of the extension.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableAutoUpgradeMinorVersion
Indicates that this cmdlet prevents the Azure guest agent from automatically updating the extension to a newer minor version.
By default, this cmdlet enables the guest agent to update the extension.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ForceRerun
Specifies that the extension should be run again with the same public or protected settings.
The value can be any string different from the current value.

If forceUpdateTag is not changed, updates to public or protected settings are still applied by the handler.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the BGInfo extension that this cmdlet adds to a virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine to which this cmdlet adds an extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension that this cmdlet adds to the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine to which this cmdlet adds the BGInfo extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
