src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 04F58D88-53D6-42CA-852C-9E2A129898C7
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmdscextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Configures the DSC extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-ArchiveBlobName] <String> [-ArchiveStorageAccountName] <String> [-ArchiveResourceGroupName <String>]
 [-ArchiveStorageEndpointSuffix <String>] [-ArchiveContainerName <String>] [-ConfigurationName <String>]
 [-ConfigurationArgument <Hashtable>] [-ConfigurationData <String>] [-Version] <String> [-Force]
 [-Location <String>] [-AutoUpdate] [-WmfVersion <String>] [-DataCollection <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension** cmdlet configures the Windows PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension on a virtual machine in a resource group.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Set a DSC extension
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM07" -ArchiveBlobName "Sample.ps1.zip" -ArchiveStorageAccountName "Stg" -ConfigurationName "ConfigName" -Version "1.10" -Location "West US"
```

This command sets the DSC extension on the virtual machine named VM07 to download Sample.ps1.zip from the storage account named Stg and the default container.
The command invokes the configuration named ConfigName.
The Sample.ps1.zip file was previously uploaded by using **Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration**.

### Example 2: Set a DSC extension with configuration data
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM13" -ArchiveBlobName "Sample.ps1.zip" -ArchiveStorageAccountName "Stg" -ConfigurationName "ConfigName" -ConfigurationArgument "@{arg="val"}" -ArchiveContainerName "WindowsPowerShellDSC" -ConfigurationData "SampleData.psd1" -Version "1.10" -Location "West US"
```

This command sets the extension on the virtual machine named VM13 to download Sample.ps1.zip from the storage account named Stg and the container named WindowsPowerShellDSC.
The command the configuration named ConfigName and specifies configuration data and arguments.
The Sample.ps1.zip file was previously uploaded by using **Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration**.

### Example 3: Set a DSC extension with configuration data that has auto update
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM22" -ArchiveBlobName "Sample.ps1.zip" -ArchiveStorageAccountName "Stg" -ConfigurationName "ConfigName" -ConfigurationArgument "@{arg="val"}" -ArchiveContainerName WindowsPowerShellDSC -ConfigurationData "SampleData.psd1" -Version "1.10" -Location "West US" -AutoUpdate
```

This command sets the extension on the virtual machine named VM22 to download Sample.ps1.zip from the storage account named Stg and the container named WindowsPowerShellDSC.
The command invokes the configuration named ConfigName and specifies configuration data and arguments.
This command also enables auto update of extension handler to the latest version.
The Sample.ps1.zip was previously uploaded by using **Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration**.

## PARAMETERS

### -ArchiveBlobName
Specifies the name of the configuration file that was previously uploaded by the Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ConfigurationArchiveBlob

Required: True
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveContainerName
Species name of the Azure storage container where the configuration archive is located.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ContainerName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group that contains the storage account that contains the configuration archive.
This parameter is optional if the storage account and virtual machine are both in the same resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveStorageAccountName
Specifies the Azure storage account name that is used to download the ArchiveBlobName.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: StorageAccountName

Required: True
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveStorageEndpointSuffix
Specifies the storage endpoint suffix.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: StorageEndpointSuffix

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutoUpdate
Specifies the extension handler version specified by the *Version* parameter.
By default extension handler is not autoupdated.
Use the *AutoUpdate* parameter to enable auto update of the extension handler to the latest version as and when it is available.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConfigurationArgument
Specifies a hash table that contains the arguments to the configuration function.

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConfigurationData
Specifies the path of a .psd1 file that specifies the data for the configuration.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConfigurationName
Specifies the name of the configuration that the DSC Extension invokes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DataCollection
Specifies the data collection type.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: Enable and Disable.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Enable, Disable

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Forces the command to run without asking for user confirmation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the path of the resource extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Azure Resource Manager resource that represents the extension.
The default value is Microsoft.Powershell.DSC.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the DSC extension that Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension applies the settings to.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine where DSC extension handler is installed.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WmfVersion
Specifies the WMF version.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: 4.0, 5.0, 5.1, latest

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)

[Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration](./Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 04F58D88-53D6-42CA-852C-9E2A129898C7
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmdscextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Configures the DSC extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-Name <String>]
 [-ArchiveBlobName] <String> [-ArchiveStorageAccountName] <String> [-ArchiveResourceGroupName <String>]
 [-ArchiveStorageEndpointSuffix <String>] [-ArchiveContainerName <String>] [-ConfigurationName <String>]
 [-ConfigurationArgument <Hashtable>] [-ConfigurationData <String>] [-Version] <String> [-Force]
 [-Location <String>] [-AutoUpdate] [-WmfVersion <String>] [-DataCollection <String>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension** cmdlet configures the Windows PowerShell Desired State Configuration (DSC) extension on a virtual machine in a resource group.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Set a DSC extension
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM07" -ArchiveBlobName "Sample.ps1.zip" -ArchiveStorageAccountName "Stg" -ConfigurationName "ConfigName" -Version "1.10" -Location "West US"
```

This command sets the DSC extension on the virtual machine named VM07 to download Sample.ps1.zip from the storage account named Stg and the default container.
The command invokes the configuration named ConfigName.
The Sample.ps1.zip file was previously uploaded by using **Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration**.

### Example 2: Set a DSC extension with configuration data
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM13" -ArchiveBlobName "Sample.ps1.zip" -ArchiveStorageAccountName "Stg" -ConfigurationName "ConfigName" -ConfigurationArgument "@{arg="val"}" -ArchiveContainerName "WindowsPowerShellDSC" -ConfigurationData "SampleData.psd1" -Version "1.10" -Location "West US"
```

This command sets the extension on the virtual machine named VM13 to download Sample.ps1.zip from the storage account named Stg and the container named WindowsPowerShellDSC.
The command the configuration named ConfigName and specifies configuration data and arguments.
The Sample.ps1.zip file was previously uploaded by using **Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration**.

### Example 3: Set a DSC extension with configuration data that has auto update
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup001" -VMName "VM22" -ArchiveBlobName "Sample.ps1.zip" -ArchiveStorageAccountName "Stg" -ConfigurationName "ConfigName" -ConfigurationArgument "@{arg="val"}" -ArchiveContainerName WindowsPowerShellDSC -ConfigurationData "SampleData.psd1" -Version "1.10" -Location "West US" -AutoUpdate
```

This command sets the extension on the virtual machine named VM22 to download Sample.ps1.zip from the storage account named Stg and the container named WindowsPowerShellDSC.
The command invokes the configuration named ConfigName and specifies configuration data and arguments.
This command also enables auto update of extension handler to the latest version.
The Sample.ps1.zip was previously uploaded by using **Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration**.

## PARAMETERS

### -ArchiveBlobName
Specifies the name of the configuration file that was previously uploaded by the Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ConfigurationArchiveBlob

Required: True
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveContainerName
Species name of the Azure storage container where the configuration archive is located.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ContainerName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group that contains the storage account that contains the configuration archive.
This parameter is optional if the storage account and virtual machine are both in the same resource group.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveStorageAccountName
Specifies the Azure storage account name that is used to download the ArchiveBlobName.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: StorageAccountName

Required: True
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ArchiveStorageEndpointSuffix
Specifies the storage endpoint suffix.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: StorageEndpointSuffix

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutoUpdate
Specifies the extension handler version specified by the *Version* parameter.
By default extension handler is not autoupdated.
Use the *AutoUpdate* parameter to enable auto update of the extension handler to the latest version as and when it is available.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConfigurationArgument
Specifies a hash table that contains the arguments to the configuration function.

```yaml
Type: Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConfigurationData
Specifies the path of a .psd1 file that specifies the data for the configuration.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ConfigurationName
Specifies the name of the configuration that the DSC Extension invokes.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DataCollection
Specifies the data collection type.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: Enable and Disable.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: Enable, Disable

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Forces the command to run without asking for user confirmation.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the path of the resource extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of the Azure Resource Manager resource that represents the extension.
The default value is Microsoft.Powershell.DSC.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Version
Specifies the version of the DSC extension that Set-AzureRmVMDscExtension applies the settings to.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine where DSC extension handler is installed.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WmfVersion
Specifies the WMF version.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 
Accepted values: 4.0, 5.0, 5.1, latest

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.

The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMDscExtension.md)

[Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration](./Publish-AzureRmVMDscConfiguration.md)
