src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 13ED884A-6224-4BD4-9F12-F896932F7842
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmdiagnosticsextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Configures the Azure diagnostics extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String>
 [-DiagnosticsConfigurationPath] <String> [[-StorageAccountName] <String>] [[-StorageAccountKey] <String>]
 [[-StorageAccountEndpoint] <String>] [[-StorageContext] <IStorageContext>] [[-Location] <String>]
 [[-Name] <String>] [[-TypeHandlerVersion] <String>] [[-AutoUpgradeMinorVersion] <Boolean>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension** cmdlet configures the Azure diagnostics extension on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Enable diagnostics using a storage account specified in a diagnostics configuration file
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup01" -VMName "VirtualMachine02" -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath "diagnostics_publicconfig.xml"
```

This command uses a diagnostics configuration file to enable diagnostics.
The file diagnostics_publicconfig.xml contains the public XML configuration for the diagnostics extension including the name of the storage account to which diagnostics data will be sent.
The diagnostics storage account must be in the same subscription as the virtual machine.

### Example 2: Enable diagnostics using a storage account name
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup1" -VMName "VirtualMachine2" -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath diagnostics_publicconfig.xml -StorageAccountName "MyStorageAccount"
```

This command uses the storage account name to enable diagnostics.
If the diagnostics configuration does not specify a storage account name or if you want to override the diagnostics storage account name specified in the configuration file, use the *StorageAccountName* parameter.
The diagnostics storage account must be in the same subscription as the virtual machine.

### Example 3: Enable diagnostics using storage account name and key
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup01" -VMName "VirtualMachine02" -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath "diagnostics_publicconfig.xml" -StorageAccountName "MyStorageAccount" -StorageAccountKey $storage_key
```

This command uses the storage account name and key to enable diagnostics.
If the diagnostics storage account is in a different subscription than the virtual machine then enable sending diagnostics data to that storage account by explicitly specifying its name and key.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoUpgradeMinorVersion
Indicates whether this cmdlet allows the Azure guest agent to automatically update the extension to a newer minor version.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 10
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath
Specifies the path of the configuration file.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of an extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountEndpoint
Specifies the storage account endpoint.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountKey
Specifies the storage account key.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountName
Specifies the storage account name.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageContext
Specifies the Azure storage context.

```yaml
Type: IStorageContext
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.
To obtain the version, run the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage cmdlet with a value of Microsoft.Compute for the *PublisherName* parameter and VMAccessAgent for the *Type* parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: 9
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine on which this cmdlet operates.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage](./Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 13ED884A-6224-4BD4-9F12-F896932F7842
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmdiagnosticsextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Configures the Azure diagnostics extension on a virtual machine.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String>
 [-DiagnosticsConfigurationPath] <String> [[-StorageAccountName] <String>] [[-StorageAccountKey] <String>]
 [[-StorageAccountEndpoint] <String>] [[-StorageContext] <IStorageContext>] [[-Location] <String>]
 [[-Name] <String>] [[-TypeHandlerVersion] <String>] [[-AutoUpgradeMinorVersion] <Boolean>]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension** cmdlet configures the Azure diagnostics extension on a virtual machine.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Enable diagnostics using a storage account specified in a diagnostics configuration file
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup01" -VMName "VirtualMachine02" -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath "diagnostics_publicconfig.xml"
```

This command uses a diagnostics configuration file to enable diagnostics.
The file diagnostics_publicconfig.xml contains the public XML configuration for the diagnostics extension including the name of the storage account to which diagnostics data will be sent.
The diagnostics storage account must be in the same subscription as the virtual machine.

### Example 2: Enable diagnostics using a storage account name
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup1" -VMName "VirtualMachine2" -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath diagnostics_publicconfig.xml -StorageAccountName "MyStorageAccount"
```

This command uses the storage account name to enable diagnostics.
If the diagnostics configuration does not specify a storage account name or if you want to override the diagnostics storage account name specified in the configuration file, use the *StorageAccountName* parameter.
The diagnostics storage account must be in the same subscription as the virtual machine.

### Example 3: Enable diagnostics using storage account name and key
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup01" -VMName "VirtualMachine02" -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath "diagnostics_publicconfig.xml" -StorageAccountName "MyStorageAccount" -StorageAccountKey $storage_key
```

This command uses the storage account name and key to enable diagnostics.
If the diagnostics storage account is in a different subscription than the virtual machine then enable sending diagnostics data to that storage account by explicitly specifying its name and key.

## PARAMETERS

### -AutoUpgradeMinorVersion
Indicates whether this cmdlet allows the Azure guest agent to automatically update the extension to a newer minor version.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 10
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DiagnosticsConfigurationPath
Specifies the path of the configuration file.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Specifies the location of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Specifies the name of an extension.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ExtensionName

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountEndpoint
Specifies the storage account endpoint.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountKey
Specifies the storage account key.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageAccountName
Specifies the storage account name.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -StorageContext
Specifies the Azure storage context.

```yaml
Type: IStorageContext
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TypeHandlerVersion
Specifies the version of the extension to use for this virtual machine.
To obtain the version, run the Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage cmdlet with a value of Microsoft.Compute for the *PublisherName* parameter and VMAccessAgent for the *Type* parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: HandlerVersion, Version

Required: False
Position: 9
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine on which this cmdlet operates.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Get-AzureRMVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)

[Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage](./Get-AzureRmVMExtensionImage.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMDiagnosticsExtension.md)
