src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 3B15C734-DF57-433A-8854-ACE2B35FF6CB
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmaemextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Enables support for monitoring for SAP systems.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-DisableWAD] [-EnableWAD]
 [[-WADStorageAccountName] <String>] [[-OSType] <String>] [-SkipStorage]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension** cmdlet updates the configuration of a virtual machine to enable or update the support for monitoring for SAP systems that are installed on the virtual machine.
The cmdlet installs the Azure Enhanced Monitoring (AEM) extension that collects the performance data and makes it discoverable for the SAP system.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Use AEM extension
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "contoso-server" -WADStorageAccountName "stdstorage"
```

This command configures the virtual machine named contoso-server to use the AEM extension.
The command specifies the storage account named stdstorage.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableWAD
Indicates that this cmdlet does not enable Azure Diagnostics for the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableWAD
If this parameter is provided, the commandlet will enable Windows Azure Diagnostics for this virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OSType
Specifies the type of the operating system of the operating system disk.
If the operating system disk does not have a type, you must specify this parameter.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: Windows and Linux.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine that this cmdlet modifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipStorage
Indicates that this cmdlet skips configuration of storage.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds the AEM extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WADStorageAccountName
Specifies the name of the storage account that this cmdlet uses to configure the LinuxDiagnostics or IaaSDiagnostics extension.
If the virtual machine does not use a standard storage account, you must specify a value for this parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 3B15C734-DF57-433A-8854-ACE2B35FF6CB
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/set-azurermvmaemextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Enables support for monitoring for SAP systems.

## SYNTAX

```
Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [-DisableWAD] [-EnableWAD]
 [[-WADStorageAccountName] <String>] [[-OSType] <String>] [-SkipStorage]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension** cmdlet updates the configuration of a virtual machine to enable or update the support for monitoring for SAP systems that are installed on the virtual machine.
The cmdlet installs the Azure Enhanced Monitoring (AEM) extension that collects the performance data and makes it discoverable for the SAP system.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Use AEM extension
```
PS C:\> Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "contoso-server" -WADStorageAccountName "stdstorage"
```

This command configures the virtual machine named contoso-server to use the AEM extension.
The command specifies the storage account named stdstorage.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableWAD
Indicates that this cmdlet does not enable Azure Diagnostics for the virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableWAD
If this parameter is provided, the commandlet will enable Windows Azure Diagnostics for this virtual machine.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OSType
Specifies the type of the operating system of the operating system disk.
If the operating system disk does not have a type, you must specify this parameter.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: Windows and Linux.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine that this cmdlet modifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipStorage
Indicates that this cmdlet skips configuration of storage.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet adds the AEM extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WADStorageAccountName
Specifies the name of the storage account that this cmdlet uses to configure the LinuxDiagnostics or IaaSDiagnostics extension.
If the virtual machine does not use a standard storage account, you must specify a value for this parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Models.PSAzureOperationResponse

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)
