src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md, before:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
ms.assetid: 67AED9B8-AE3D-47E5-813C-9B46E11AE46C
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/test-azurermvmaemextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Checks the configuration of the AEM extension.

## SYNTAX

```
Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-OSType] <String>]
 [[-WaitTimeInMinutes] <Int32>] [-SkipStorageCheck] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension** cmdlet checks the configuration of the Azure Enhanced Monitoring (AEM) extension.
The AEM extension collects the performance data.
This cmdlet checks whether performance data is available.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Check the configuration of the AEM extension
```
PS C:\> Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "contoso-server"
```

This command checks the configuration of the AEM extension for the virtual machine named contoso-server.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OSType
Specifies the type of the operating system of the operating system disk.
If the operating system disk does not have a type, you must specify this parameter.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: Windows and Linux.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine that this cmdlet checks.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipStorageCheck
Indicates that this cmdlet skips the check of storage configuration.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet tests the AEM extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WaitTimeInMinutes
Specifies a time-out period, in minutes, for the storage configuration check.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Extension.AEM.AEMTestResult

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

Commit message:

Copy of the 4.6.0 module from the commit hash 8c16019f260e6dabbec03c2c490c84c08d07dd96
Added a delegating handler to remove async-operation headers for bug fixing start-azurermvm returning empty response

Compute module supporting the api-version 2017-12-01

This module is for azurestack hybrid profile 2019-03-01-hybrid

src/StackAdmin/Compute/Commands.Compute/help/Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md, after:

﻿---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: AzureRM.Compute
ms.assetid: 67AED9B8-AE3D-47E5-813C-9B46E11AE46C
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/azurerm.compute/test-azurermvmaemextension
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension

## SYNOPSIS
Checks the configuration of the AEM extension.

## SYNTAX

```
Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension [-ResourceGroupName] <String> [-VMName] <String> [[-OSType] <String>]
 [[-WaitTimeInMinutes] <Int32>] [-SkipStorageCheck] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension** cmdlet checks the configuration of the Azure Enhanced Monitoring (AEM) extension.
The AEM extension collects the performance data.
This cmdlet checks whether performance data is available.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Check the configuration of the AEM extension
```
PS C:\> Test-AzureRmVMAEMExtension -ResourceGroupName "ResourceGroup11" -VMName "contoso-server"
```

This command checks the configuration of the AEM extension for the virtual machine named contoso-server.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure.

```yaml
Type: IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OSType
Specifies the type of the operating system of the operating system disk.
If the operating system disk does not have a type, you must specify this parameter.
The acceptable values for this parameter are: Windows and Linux.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group of the virtual machine that this cmdlet checks.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipStorageCheck
Indicates that this cmdlet skips the check of storage configuration.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 4
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of a virtual machine.
This cmdlet tests the AEM extension for the virtual machine that this parameter specifies.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: ResourceName

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WaitTimeInMinutes
Specifies a time-out period, in minutes, for the storage configuration check.

```yaml
Type: Int32
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None
This cmdlet does not accept any input.

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Compute.Extension.AEM.AEMTestResult

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Get-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Remove-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)

[Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension](./Set-AzureRmVMAEMExtension.md)
